Jewish artists in New York : the Holocaust years 	"Exploring the influence of the local cultural scene as well as events taking place in Europe, Matthew Baigell reexamines the work of Jewish artists inspired to respond to the murders of their fellow Jews during World War II."	Matthew Baigell	N6535.N5 B35 2002The problem of difference : phenomenology and poststructuralism 	"Beginning with Plato and Aristotle, philosophers throughout history have built their theories around the problem of reconciling a fundamental distinction, as for example, Plato's distinction between knowledge (reality) and opinion (appearance), Descartes's mind/body distinction, and Kant's a priori/a posterior distinction. This 'problem of difference' is a classic theme in philosophy, and one that has taken especially intriguing turns in recent decades. "	Jeffrey A Bell	B809.9.B43 1998A portrait of Mendelssohn  	"Since his death in 1847, Felix Mendelssohn's music and personality have been both admired and denigrated to extraordinary degrees. In this book Clive Brown weaves together an array of documents - letters, diaries, memoirs, reviews, news reports, and more - to present a balanced and fascinating picture of the composer and his work. Rejecting the received view of Mendelssohn as a facile, lightweight musician, Brown demonstrates that he was in fact an innovative and highly cerebral composer who exerted a powerful influence on musical thought into the twentieth century."	Clive Brown	ML410.M5 B76 2003Consequences of Enlightenment  	"What is the relationship between contemporary intellectual culture and the European Enlightenment it claims to reject? In Consequences of Enlightenment, Anthony J. Cascardi revisits the arguments advanced in Horkheimer and Adorno's seminal work Dialectic of Enlightenment. Cascardi argues against the view that postmodern culture has rejected Enlightenment beliefs and explores instead the continuities contemporary theory shares with Kant's theory of judgment. The positive consequences of Kant's failed ambition to bring the project of Enlightenment to completion, he argues, are evident in the aesthetic basis on which subjectivity has survived in the contemporary world."	Anthony J Cascardi	BH301.P64 C37 1999"Chariot : from chariot to tank, the astounding rise and fall of the world's first war machine "	"The chariot changed the face of ancient warfare. First in Mesopotamia, then in Asia Minor and Egypt, charioteers came to dominate the battlefield. Its use as a war machine is graphically recounted in Indian epics and Chinese chronicles. Homer's Iliad tells of the attack on Troy by Greek heroes who rode in chariots. In 326 B.C. Alexander the Great faced charioteers in northern India, while in 55 B.C. Julius Caesar's forces were met by chariots on the beaches of Britain."	Arthur Cotterell	U29.C68 2005The sculpture of Nanni di Banco  	"Along with Brunelleschi, Ghiberti, and Donatello, Nanni di Banco (ca. 1374-1421) determined the course of Renaissance art in Florence, and yet he has received relatively little critical attention. Here Mary Bergstein brings a critical perspective to bear on the artist who created some of the most important public works of the early Renaissance period, including his life-size niche figures for Orsanmichele and the Assumption of the Virgin for the Porta della Mandorla of the cathedral of Florence. She offers a complete study of the artist, including a much-needed social history of his sculpture."	Mary Bergstein	NB623.N3 B47 2000The first lady of Hollywood : a biography of Louella Parsons 	"Hollywood celebrities feared her. William Randolph Hearst adored her. Between 1915 and 1960, Louella Parsons was America's premier movie gossip columnist and her heyday commanded a following of more than forty million readers. This first full-length biography of Parsons tells the story of her reign over Hollywood during the studio era, her lifelong alliance with her employer, William Randolph Hearst, and her complex and turbulent relationships with such noted stars, directors, and studio executives as Orson Welles, Joan Crawford, Louis B. Mayer, Ronald Reagan, and Frank Sinatra - as well as her rival columnists Hedda Hopper and Walter Winchell."	Samantha Barbas	PN4874.P35 B37 2005The varieties of political experience in eighteenth-century America  	"In The Varieties of Political Experience in Eighteenth-Century America, Richard R. Beeman offers an overview of political life in pre-Revolutionary America. Ranging from Virginia, Massachusetts, New York, South Carolina, and Pennsylvania to the backcountry regions of the South, the Mid-Atlantic, and northern New England, Beeman reveals an extraordinary diversity of political belief and practice. In doing so, he closes the gap between eighteenth-century political rhetoric and reality."	Richard R Beeman	E188.B44 2004Greater Portland : urban life and landscape in the Pacific Northwest 	"It has been called one of the nation's most livable regions, ranked among the best managed cities in America, and hailed a top spot to do business, enjoy the arts, pursue outdoor recreation, and make one's home. Indeed, years of cooperative urban planning between developers and those interested in ecology and habitability have transformed Portland from a provincial western city into an exemplary American metropolis. Its thriving downtown, its strong neighborhoods, and its pioneering efforts at local management have brought a steady procession of journalists, scholars, and civic leaders to investigate the Portland style that values dialogue and consensus, treats politics as a civic duty, and assumes that it is possible to work toward public good."	Carl Abbott	F884.P85 A23 2001In search of Africa  	"This book gives us the story of a quest for a childhood friend, for the past and present, and above all for an Africa that is struggling to find its future. In 1996 Manthia Diawara, a distinguished professor of film and literature in New York City, returns to Guinea, thirty-two years after he and his family were expelled from the newly liberated country. He is beginning work on a documentary about Sekou Toure, the dictator who was Guinea's first postindependence leader. Despite the years that have gone by, Diawara expects to be welcomed as an insider, and is shocked to discover that he is not."	Manthia Diawara	E184.A24 D53 1998Archeology of violence  	"The War machine is the motor of the social machine; the primitive social being relies entirely on war, primitive society cannot survive without war. The more war there is, the less unification there is, and the best enemy of the State is war. Primitive society is society against the State in that it is society-for-war. Anthropologist and ethnographer Pierre Clastres was a major influence on Gilles Deleuze and Felix Guattari's Anti-Oedipus, and his writings formed an essential chapter in the discipline of political anthropology. The posthumous publication in French of Archeology of Violence in 1980 gathered together Clastres's final groundbreaking essays and the opening chapters of the book he had begun before his death in 1977 at the age 43. Elaborating upon the conclusions of such earlier works as Society Against the State, in these essays Clastres critiques his former mentor, Claude Levi-Strauss, and devastatingly rejects the orthodoxy of Marxist anthropology and other Western interpretive models of primitive societies. Discarding the traditional anthropological understanding of war among South American Indians as arising from a scarcity of resources, Clastres instead identifies violence among these peoples as a deliberate means to territorial segmentatin and the avoidance of a State formation. In their refusal to separate the political from the social, and in their careful control of their tribal chiefs--who are rendered weak so as to remain dependent on the communities they represent--the savages Clastres presents prove to be shrewd political minds who resist in advance any attempt at globalization."	Pierre Clastres	GN492.C5513 2010Rogue River journal : a winter alone 	"In November of 2000, after the presidential election but before the final results were handed down by the Supreme Court, John Daniel climbed into his pickup, drove to a remote location in the Oregon's Rogue River Canyon, and quit civilization. The strictures set up were severe. No two-way human communication - not even with his wife - no radio, no music, not even his cat. He would isolate himself in a cabin sure to be snowed in soon after his arrival, intent on hearing no human voice but his own until spring thawed the road."	John Daniel	PS3554.A5534 Z4628 2005Destination art  	"This illustrated book is a critical guide to the two hundred most important modern and contemporary art sites around the world. Designed for the international art tourist as a key critical reference in an era where more and more art is found outside galleries or museums, Destination Art not only is packed with practical information for the traveler but also provides a highly accessible chronological survey of the world's most important large-scale and public works of twentieth- and twenty-first-century art. Encompassing massive land and environmental works, extensive sculpture parks, magnificent architectural follies, site-specific installations, even whole towns turned over to the display of art, this book chronicles a wealth of works that have achieved near-mythical status since they were created--"	Amy Dempsey	N6490.D417 2006"Louis XVI and the French Revolution, 1789-1792  "	"The experience, and failure, of Louis XVI's short-lived constitutional monarchy of 1789-1792 deeply influenced the politics and course of the French Revolution. The dramatic breakdown of the political settlement of 1789 steered the French state into the decidedly stormy waters of political terror and warfare on an almost global scale. This book explores how the symbolic and political practices which underpinned traditional Bourbon kingship ultimately succumbed to the radical challenge posed by the Revolution's new 'proto-republican' culture. While most previous studies have focused on Louis XVI's real and imagined foreign counterrevolutionary plots, Ambrogio A. Caiani examines the king's hitherto neglected domestic activities in Paris. Drawing on previously unexplored archival source material, Caiani provides an alternative reading of Louis XVI in this period, arguing that the monarch's symbolic behaviour and the organisation of his daily activities and personal household were essential factors in the people's increasing alienation from the newly established constitutional monarchy--"	Ambrogio A Caiani	DC137.C35 2012UNIX and Perl to the rescue! : a field guide for the life sciences (and other data-rich pursuits) 	"Your research has generated gigabytes of data and now you need to analyse it. You hate using spreadsheets but it is all you know, so what else can you do? This book will transform how you work with large and complex data sets, teaching you powerful programming tools for slicing and dicing data to suit your needs. Written in a fun and accessible style, this step-by-step guide will inspire and inform non-programmers about the essential aspects of Unix and Perl. It shows how, with just a little programming knowledge, you can write programs that could save you hours, or even days. No prior experience is required and new concepts are introduced using numerous code examples that you can try out for yourself. Going beyond the basics, the authors touch upon many broader topics that will help those new to programming, including debugging and how to write in a good programming style--"	Keith Bradnam	Q183.9.B73 2012Noncommutative rational series with applications  	"The algebraic theory of automata was created by Schutzenberger and Chomsky over 50 years ago and there has since been a great deal of development. Classical work on the theory to noncommutative power series has been augmented more recently to areas such as representation theory, combinatorial mathematics and theoretical computer science. This book presents to an audience of graduate students and researchers a modern account of the subject and its applications. The algebraic approach allows the theory to be developed in a general form of wide applicability. For example, number-theoretic results can now be more fully explored, in addition to applications in automata theory, codes and non-commutative algebra. Much material, for example, Schutzenberger's theorem on polynomially bounded rational series, appears here for the first time in book form. This is an excellent resource and reference for all those working in algebra, theoretical computer science and their areas of overlap."	Jean Berstel	QA267.B47 2011The adventures of Ibn Battuta: a Muslim traveler of the 14th century 	"Known as the greatest traveler of premodern times, Abu Abdallah ibn Battuta was born in Morocco in 1304 and educated in Islamic law. At the age of twenty-one, he left home to make the holy pilgrimage to Mecca. This was only the first of a series of extraordinary journeys that spanned nearly three decades and took him not only eastward to India and China but also north to the Volga River valley and south to Tanzania. The narrative of these travels has been known to specialists in Islamic and medieval history for years. Ross E. Dunn's retelling of these tales, however, is the first work of scholarship to make the legendary traveler's story accessible to a general audience."	Ross E Dunn	G93.I24 D86 1986Nauman reiterated  	"Bruce Nauman has been a force in the art world since the early 1960s with his challenging audio and video installations, photographic art, neon art, and sculptures. However, until now there has been surprisingly little sustained critical analysis of his extraordinary oeuvre. Nauman Reiterated offers the first scholarly assessment of the artist's production with an in-depth thematic investigation of key works created between the mid-1960s and mid-1970s. Janet Kraynak argues that the coherence of Nauman's art can be found not in conventional categorizations of style, medium, or technique, but through understanding the artistic and cultural conditions that led to an interdisciplinary aesthetic of performance, which emerged in relation to technologies of reproduction, inscription, and recording. Kraynak provides a portrait of an artist who regularly defies expectations and genres, showing how Nauman's work responds to historical problems that have only increased in importance since he first addressed them, especially the technologization of society initiated by electronic media. Nauman's reaction to the technological takeover of modern society, Kraynak suggests, is reiteration. Building from these observations, Kraynak explores how performance is intimately associated with the acceleration toward a fully technological society, which sees new modes of electronic recording and reproduction, the growth of information technologies, and the consolidation of technocracy. Through extensive archival research Kraynak has written a revealing examination of Nauman's thought-provoking and protean work."	Janet Kraynak	N6537.N38K73 2014The Russian folktale by Vladimir Yakovlevich Propp  	"[The Russian Folktale is] an impressively wide-ranging work that stimulates through speculation, it provides precisely what the early elaboration of functions declaratively lacks: an etiology of genre, a broad historical perspective, analyses of individual tales, commentary on tale-tellers, engagement with previous scholarship, and examination of a sufficiently broad European context to enable thought-provoking insights into the distinctiveness of Russian folk narratives.--Helena Goscilo -- Book jacket."	V I_A_ Propp	GR203.17.P77713 2012The bomb : a life 	"... Tells the story of this once unimaginable weapon that, at least since 8:16 a.m. on August 6, 1945, has haunted our dreams and threatened our existence. -- Cover.;Bombs are as old as hatred itself. But it was the twentieth century--one hundred years of incredible scientific progress and terrible war--that brought forth humanity's most powerful and destructive invention. Historian Gerard DeGroot tells the story of this once unimaginable weapon that--at least since August 6, 1945--has haunted our dreams and threatened our existence. For decades the Bomb dominated the psyches of millions, becoming a touchstone of popular culture, celebrated or decried in mass political movements, films, songs, and books. DeGroot traces the life of the Bomb from its birth in turn-of-the-century physics labs of Europe to a childhood in the New Mexico desert, from adolescence in Hiroshima and Bikini, to maturity in test sites and missile silos around the globe. His book portrays the Bomb's existence in all its scope, providing us with a portrait of the times and the people--from Oppenheimer to Sakharov, Stalin to Reagan--whose legacy still shapes our world.--From publisher description."	Gerard J De Groot	U264.D43 2005The thing around your neck  	"A collection of twelve stories includes the tale of a medical student in hiding with a poor Muslim woman, and a woman who discovers a devastating secret about her brother's death."	Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	PR9387.9.A34354 T55 2009American sublime : poems 	"A fourth collection of poems by the author recalls over a century of African American traditions, knitting together a blend of history, biography, personal experience, pop culture, and dreamscape."	Elizabeth Alexander	PS3551.L3494 A8 2005"Cultures of war : Pearl Harbor, Hiroshima, 9-11, Iraq "	"A groundbreaking comparative study of the dynamics and pathologies of war in modern times. Over recent decades, Pulitzer-winning historian John W. Dower has addressed the roots and consequences of war from multiple perspectives. Here he examines the cultures of war revealed by four powerful events--Pearl Harbor, Hiroshima, 9-11, and the invasion of Iraq in the name of a war on terror. The list of issues examined and themes explored is wide-ranging: failures of intelligence and imagination, wars of choice and strategic imbecilities, faith-based secular thinking as well as more overtly holy wars, the targeting of noncombatants, and the almost irresistible logic--and allure--of mass destruction. Dower also sets the U.S. occupations of Japan and Iraq side by side in strikingly original ways. He offers comparative insights into individual and institutional behavior and pathologies that transcend cultures in the more traditional sense, and that ultimately go beyond war-making alone.--From publisher description."	John W Dower	E745.D69 2010This is reggae music : the story of Jamaica's music 	A history of Jamaica's contribution to world culture--reggae--traces the history of the form from African rhythms to the slums of Kingston and the international recording industry.	Lloyd Bradley	ML3532.B73 2001A matter of time  	"A novel about a wife in India who is abandoned by her husband, a professor. With her three daughters she is forced to move into her parents' house, where she reconnects with an estranged sister."	Shashi Deshpande	PR9499.3.D474 M38 1999Love invents us  	"A nymphet who was already turning men's heads in her pre-teens recounts her story. She is Elizabeth Taube from a well-off family in Great Neck, New York. After an apprenticeship in the backroom of a kind, old furrier, she progresses to an affair with her favorite school teacher, then onto Huddie, a black basketball player. By the author of Come to Me."	Amy Bloom	PS3552.L6378 L68 1997Traitor to his class : the privileged life and radical Presidency of Franklin Delano Roosevelt 	"A sweeping biography of the life and political career of Franklin Delano Roosevelt draws on archival materials, public speeches, interviews with family and colleagues, and personal correspondence to examine FDR's political leadership in a dark time of Depression and war, his championship of the poor, his revolutionary New Deal legislation, and his legacy for the future."	H W Brands	E807.B735 2008Luke 3 : a commentary on the Gospel of Luke 19:28-24:53 	A valuable guide to scholarship through the present time.	Franc_ois Bovon	BS2595.53.B6813 2012"Looking backward, 2000-1887  "	A wealthy Bostonian awakes from a hypnotic trance to find himself in a futuristic cooperative commonwealth.	Edward Bellamy	10$aPS1086.L6 1982Imagination in place : essays 	"A writer who can imagine the community belonging to its place is one who has applied his knowledge and citizenship to achieve the goal to which Wendell Berry has always aspired -- to be a native to his own local culture. And for Berry, what is local, fully imagined, becomes universal, and the local is to know one's place and allow the imagination to inspire and instill a practical respect for what is there besides ourselves. In Imagination in Place, we travel to the local cultures of several writers important to Berry's life and work, from Wallace Stegner's great West and Ernest Gaines' Louisiana plantation life to Donald Hall's New England, and on to the Western frontier as seen through the Far East lens of Gary Snyder. Berry laments today's dispossessed and displaced, those writers and people with no home and no citizenship, but he argues that there is hope for the establishment of new local cultures in both the practical and literary sense."	Wendell Berry	PS3552.E75 I63 2010Becoming Abigail : a novella 	"Abigail is brought as a teenager to London from Nigeria by relatives who attempt to force her into prostitution. She flees, struggling to find herself and save her lover."	Chris Abani	PR9387.9.A23 B43 2006Birds of paradise : a novel 	"After a five year absence, an eighteen-year-old runaway returns to her family in Miami to deal with the guilty secret that caused her to flee."	Diana Abu-Jaber	PS3551.B895 B57 2011How great generals win  	"Alexander analyzes the mindset that distinguishes a truly great commander from a merely good one. Includes Hannibal, Genghis Khan, Napoleon, Stonewall Jackson, Sherman, Rommel, Mao Zedong, and many others."	Bevin Alexander	U27.A625 1993Trickster travels : a sixteenth-century Muslim between worlds 	"Al-Hasan al-Wazzan--born in Granada to a Muslim family that in 1492 went to Morocco--became famous as the great Renaissance writer Leo Africanus, author of the first geography of Africa to be published in Europe (in 1550). He had been captured by Christian pirates in the Mediterranean and imprisoned by the pope; when he was released and baptized, he lived a European life of scholarship as the Christian writer Giovanni Leone; by 1527, it is likely that he returned to North Africa and to the language, culture, and faith in which he had been raised. Historian Davis offers a virtuoso study of the fragmentary, partial, and often contradictory traces that al-Hasan al-Wazzan left behind him, and a fresh interpretation of his extraordinary life and work.--From publisher description.--From publisher description."	Natalie Zemon Davis	DT19.7.L46 D385 2006The art of travel  	"An exploration of the human desire to travel presents a series of essays on airports, museums, landscapes, holiday romances, and hotel mini-bars, offering suggestions on how to render travel more fulfilling."	Alain De Botton	G151.D4 2002The visit : a drama in three acts 	An older woman who became rich over her life returns to the town of her youth with a dreadful bargain: She wants the townspeople to kill the man who jilted her in exchange for enough money to revitalize the town.	Friedrich Du_rrenmatt	PT2607.U493 B43 1958Persuasion  	"Anne Elliot seems to have given up on present happiness and has resigned herself to living off her memories. More than seven years earlier she complied with duty: persuaded to view the match as imprudent and improper, she broke off her engagement to a naval captain with no fortune, ancestry, or prospects. However, when peacetime arrives and brings the Navy home, and Anne encounters Captain Wentworth once more, she starts to believe in second chances."	Jane Austen	PR4034.P4 2008bA history of horror  	"Arranged by decades, this one-stop sourcebook unearths the historical origins of characters such as Dracula, Frankenstein, and the Wolfman and their various incarnations in film from the silent era to comedic sequels. A History of Horror explores how the horror film fits into the Hollywood studio system and how its enormous success in American and European culture expanded globally. Dixon examines key periods in the horror film--in which basic precepts of the genre were established, then burnished into conveniently reliable and maleable forms, and then, after collapsing into parody, rose again to create new levels of intensity and menace. Supported by rare stills from classic films, this book brings more than fifty timeless horror films into clear focus, zooms in on todays top horror web sites, and champions the stars, directors, and subgenres that make horror films so exciting and popular."	Wheeler W Dixon	PN1995.9.H6 D59 2010"Quoting Caravaggio : contemporary art, preposterous history "	"Bal investigates not only the great seventeenth-century painter, but also the issue of temporality in art. A rigorous, rewarding work that is at once a mediation on creative history and Caravaggio as well as a brilliant critical exposition of current artistic representation and practice."	Mieke Bal	N6490.B249 1999Bats : from evolution to conservation 	"Bats are highly charismatic and popular animals that are not only fascinating in their own right, but illustrate most of the topical and important concepts and issues in mammalian biology. This book covers the key aspects of bat biology including evolution, flight, echolocation, hibernation, reproduction, feeding and roosting ecology, social behaviour, migration, population and community ecology, biogeography, and conservation."	John D Altringham	QL737.C5 A4 2011"The first family : terror, extortion, revenge, murder, and the birth of the American mafia "	"Before the notorious five families dominated US organized crime, there was the one-fingered criminal genius Giuseppe Morello and his lethal coterie. Combining first-rate scholarship and pulse-quickening action, Mike Dash brings to life this little-known story, following the rise of the Mafia in America from the 1890s to the 1920s, from the villages of Sicily to the streets of Little Italy. Using an array of primary sources -- hitherto untapped Secret Service archives, prison records, and interviews with surviving family members -- Dash has written a groundbreaking account of the crucial period when the criminal underworld exploded with fury across the nation. - Back cover.;A history of the birth of the Italian Mafia in America traces the life of Giuseppe Morello, who rose from poverty to become one of the nation's most influential underworld crime heads, and also evaluates the contributions of Morello's brothers."	Mike Dash	HV6446.D38 2010"The criminals of Lima and their worlds : the prison experience, 1850-1935 "	"Carlos Aguirre presents the first major study of prison reform & the prison system in Peru, & one of the few social histories of criminals & their world in Latin America."	Carlos Aguirre	HV9625.L5 A35 2005"Du_rer in America, his graphic work. "	"Catalog of an exhibition held at the National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C., April 25 to June 6, 1971."	Albrecht Du_rer	NE654.D9 T3The Canterbury tales  	"Chaucer's work begins at the Tabard Inn in Southwark, England, where a group of pilgrims have assembled on their way to Canterbury. Harry Bailly, the innkeeper, suggests a contest: whoever tells the best tale will win a supper when they reach Canterbury."	Geoffrey Chaucer	PR1866.M36 2005Stories in the time of cholera : racial profiling during a medical nightmare 	Chronicles the 1992-1993 cholera epidemic in Venezuela.	Charles L Briggs	RA644.C3 B685 2003"Parting the waters : America in the King years, 1954-63 "	Chronicles the civil rights struggle from the twilight of the Eisenhower years through the assassination of President Kennedy.	Taylor Branch	E185.61.B7914 1988Embryo politics : ethics and policy in Atlantic democracies 	"Compares the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, and France."	Thomas F Banchoff	QM608.B36 2011The rise and fall of the Bible : the unexpected history of an accidental book 	"Counter In this revelatory exploration of one of our most revered icons, a critically acclaimed author and professor takes us back to early Christianity to ask how a box of handwritten scrolls became the Bible, and forward to see how the multibillion-dollar business that has brought us Biblezines and Manga Bibles is selling down the Bible's sacred capital. Showing us how a single official text was created from the proliferation of different scripts, Beal traces its path as it became embraced as the word of God and Book of books. Among his surprising insights: Christianity thrived for centuries without any Bible--there was no official canon of scriptures, much less a book big enough to hold them all. Congregations used various collections of scrolls and codices. There is no original Bible, no single source text behind the thousands of different Bibles on the market today. The farther we go back in the Bible's history, the more versions we find. The idea of the Bible as the literal Word of God is relatively new--only about a century old. Beal's is an inspiring new take on the Bible. In calling for a fresh understanding of the ways scriptures were used in the past, he offers the chance to rediscover a Bible, and a faith, that is truer to its own history--not a book of answers but a library of question.;An acclaimed author takes readers back to early Christianity to ask how a box of handwritten scrolls became the Bible, and forward to see how the multibillion-dollar business that has created Biblezines and Manga Bibles is selling down the Bible's sacred capital."	Timothy K Beal	BS511.3.B43 2011Mozart and his operas  	"David Cairns--winner of the Whitbread Biography Award and the Samuel Johnson Prize for Non-Fiction--has spent his life immersed in Mozart's music, both as a performer and as a listener. This intimate biography sheds new and important light on the composer by placing his operas in the context of his life and his complete musical output. Mozart's unusual childhood as a musical prodigy touring Europe as a performer from an early age is well known. But even more remarkable is that the genius grew up to produce works of increasing maturity and originality. Cairns unravels the many myths surrounding Mozart to reveal the opinionated, passionate, and exceptionally intelligent man behind the legend. Cairns shows that familiarity with the operas can transform our perception of Mozart's art. He demonstrates that the composer's approach to composition was that of a consummate dramatist. Using the operas as his guide, he traces the steady deepening of Mozart's musical style from his beginnings as a child prodigy, through his coming of age with, in Cairns's opinion, the most Romantic and forward-looking of all Mozart's operas, Idomeneo. He discusses Mozart's later genius as displayed in the three comic operas The Marriage of Figaro, Don Giovanni, and Cos & i fan tutte, and in The Magic Flute, the final and greatest triumph of his career."	David Cairns	ML410.M9 C253 2006"A dog's history of America : how our best friend explored, conquered, and settled a continent "	"Describes the interaction between dogs and humans in the United States from the earliest settlement of the continent, explores how the uses of dogs have reflected changes in American society, and mentions such famous dogs as Fala."	Mark Derr	SF422.6.A3 D47 2004"Until the last man comes home : POWs, MIAs, and the unending Vietnam War "	"Despite their small numbers, American POWs and MIAs inspired an outpouring of concern that slowly eroded support for the war. Bringing exhaustive archival research to an arena where Americans consistently struggled over the causes and consequences of their nation's defeat in Vietnam - the recovery of lost warriors - Michael J. Allen reveals how wartime loss transformed US politics well before, and long after, the war's official end."	Michael J Allen	DS559.4.A44 2009The field : truth and fiction in sport history 	"Douglas Booth, a prize winning sports historian, presents a theoretically sophisticated historiography of sport history."	Douglas Booth	GV571.B66 2005Dictionary of historical allusions & eponyms  	"Drawing from history, folklore, cultural traditions, and linguistics, this dictionary illuminates over 550 terms, such as scapegoat, John Hancock, peeping Tom, nepotism, and many others."	Dorothy Auchter	PN43.A83 1998Going negative : how attack ads shrink and polarize the electorate 	"Drawing on both laboratory experiments and the real world of America's presidential, gubernatorial, and congressional races, the authors show that negative advertising drives down voter turnout - in some cases dramatically - and that political consultants intentionally use ads for this very purpose. In the 1992 presidential election, by the authors' calculation, over 6 million votes were lost to negative campaigns. Negative ads work better for Republicans than for Democrats, and better for men than for women; unfortunately, negative ads also work better in general than positive ones, so attacking has become nearly universal. Republican primary campaigns increasingly set the tone for our national general elections, and they do so with relentless attacks. Everyone, even a war hero like Colin Powell, is fair game, and few reputations can emerge unscathed. The result of such a bitter contest is that independent voters, who are disproportionately well educated and open minded, are repulsed by the entire system and have been converted to non-voting apathetics. We are losing some of our best citizens, and pandering to the extremists who remain."	Stephen Ansolabehere	JF2112.A4 A57 1995"Emily Post : daughter of the Gilded Age, mistress of American manners "	"Emily Post was a daughter of high society, one of Manhattan's most sought-after de_butantes. After a scandalous divorce forced her to become her own person, she became an emblem of a new kind of manners in which etiquette and ethics were forever entwined."	Laura P Claridge	CT275.P6883 C53 2008Law and the contradictions of the disability rights movement  	"Examines the disability rights movement, and argues that while courts deserve some criticism for shortcomings of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the choices made by certain disability rights activists can also be blamed for not sufficiently integrating and empowering people with disabilities."	Samuel R Bagenstos	KF480.B34 2009"Oh, play that thing  "	"Ex-IRA assassin Henry journeys between Chicago and New York in his pursuit of his elusive wife and his love for jazz, all the while endeavoring to outmaneuver the death warrant that has followed him across the Atlantic."	Roddy Doyle	PR6054.O95 O35 2004The gift of tongues : women's xenoglossia in the later Middle Ages 	"Explores the phenomenon of xenoglossia, the sudden, miraculous ability to speak, understand, read, or write a foreign language, as it appears in the later medieval hagiographic record and in English literature. Includes discussion of the late medieval English writers Geoffrey Chaucer and Margery Kempe --Provided by publisher."	Christine F Cooper-Rompato	BT122.5.C66 2010"Feeling persecuted : Christians, Jews and images of violence in the Middle Ages "	"Feeling Persecuted exposes the violence enacted by the Jews in the imaginations of Christians and how the images of this Christian suffering and persecution were central to medieval ideas of love, community and home. Images and texts from the period reveal a surprising practice of recreational persecution of Jews ... it was in fact a complex part of medieval life and culture.--Book flap."	Anthony Paul Bale	BM535.B35 2010Speaking my mind  	"Fifteen years ago, Tony Campolo's 20 Hot Potatoes That Christians Are Afraid to Touch pushed, pulled, and prodded Christians into serious consideration of controversial but critical issues related to the Christian life. Campolo challenged his more than 150,000 readers to re-think their convictions (and prejudices) and to do something about them!"	Anthony Campolo	BR1642.U5 C35 2004God is red : a native view of religion 	"First published in 1972 during a resurgence in Native American activism, this work critiqued the Western spiritual worldview and its effect on Native Americans and the society as a whole."	Vine Deloria	BL2776.D44 2003Taming cannibals : race and the Victorians 	"From the dust jacket. In Taming Cannibals, Patrick Brantlinger unravels contradictions embedded in the racist and imperial ideology of the British Empire. For many Victorians, the idea of taming cannibals or civilizing savages was oxymoronic: civilization was a goal that the nonwhite peoples of the world could not attain or, at best, could only approximate, yet the civilizing mission was viewed as the ultimate justification for imperialism. Similarly, the supposedly unshakeable certainty of Anglo-Saxon racial superiority was routinely undercut by widespread fears about racial degeneration through contact with lesser races or concerns that Anglo-Saxons might be superseded by something superior -- an even fitter or higher race or species. Brantlinger traces the development of those fears through close readings of a wide range of texts -- including Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe, Fiji and the Fijians by Thomas Williams, Daily Life and Origin of the Tasmanians by James Bonwick, The Descent of Man by Charles Darwin, Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad, Culture and Anarchy by Matthew Arnold, She by H. Rider Haggard, and The War of the Worlds by H.G. Wells. Throughout the wide-ranging, capacious, and rich Taming Cannibals, Brantlinger combines the study of literature with sociopolitical history and postcolonial theory in novel ways."	Patrick Brantlinger	PR468.C28 B73 2011The Oxford companion to global change  	"From the Publisher: The Oxford Companion to Global Change is an up-to-date, comprehensive, interdisciplinary guide to the range of issues surrounding natural and human-induced changes in the Earth's environment. In one convenient volume, the Companion brings together current knowledge about the relations between technological, social, demographic, economic, and political factors as well as biological, chemical, and physical systems. It is an essential reference work for students, teachers, researchers, and other professionals seeking to understand any aspect of global change."	David J Cuff	GE149.C84 2009The stories of John Cheever  	"From the Publisher: When The Stories of John Cheever was originally published, it became an immediate national bestseller and won the Pulitzer Prize. In the years since, it has become a classic. Vintage Books is proud to reintroduce this magnificent collection. Here are sixty-one stories that chronicle the lives of what has been called the greatest generation. From the early wonder and disillusionment of city life in The Enormous Radio to the surprising discoveries and common mysteries of suburbia in The Housebreaker of Shady Hill and The Swimmer, Cheever tells us everything we need to know about the pain and sweetness of life.;A collection of sixty-one of Cheever's short stories, including four that have never been published in book form."	John Cheever	PZ3.C3983 St$aPS3505.H6428"Louis Le Vau : Mazarin's Colle_ge, Colbert's revenge "	"From Vaux-le-Vicomte to Versailles, the buildings of Louis Le Vau shaped the image of French court society. None, however, has had as dramatic an effect as Mazarin's Colle ge (1661-70), the Parisian landmark that now houses the Institut de France. In this first English-language book on Louis XIV's celebrated architect, Hilary Ballon deftly portrays the brilliance and controversy of Le Vau's late career through an exploration of this masterpiece, a hybrid of baroque and classical styles. She tracks the design and construction of the Colle ge on the basis of splendid drawings, fully illustrated here, integrating into this account previously unknown dimensions of Le Vau's creative personality, his financial entanglements, and his feuds with government leaders. The story of the Colle ge begins in 1661 with the death of Cardinal Mazarin, who left an extravagant sum of money for a school to be built in his memory. Le Vau responded with an ambitious architectural tribute intended to launch the development of Paris in a new artistic direction. As Ballon shows, many personal factors figured into the final product, including Le Vau's activities as a real estate developer and entrepreneur, and his explosive response to the Italian baroque master Gianlorenzo Bernini, who visited Paris in 1665. The project ended up significantly over budget, and officials charged Le Vau shortly after his death with embezzling funds. The chief minister, Jean-Baptiste Colbert, led the attack on Le Vau, turning the ethical scandal into an aesthetic crusade to maintain a classical look for central Paris."	Hilary Ballon	LF2395.P32 B35 1999Computer wimp no more : the intelligent beginner's guide to computers 	"Guide to computers helping the computer-user decide what computers can and cannot do, and which models are the best. Includes a 30 page purchasing section."	John Bear	QA76.5.B364 1991Harmonic mappings in the plane  	"Harmonic mappings in the plane are univalent complex-valued harmonic functions of a complex variable. Conformal mappings are a special case where the real and imaginary parts are conjugate harmonic functions, satisfying the Cauchy-Riemann equations._Harmonic mappings were studied classically by differential geometers because they provide isothermal (or conformal) parameters for minimal surfaces. More recently they have been actively investigated by complex analysts as generalizations of univalent analytic functions, or conformal mappings. Many classical results of geometric function theory extend to harmonic mappings, but basic questions remain unresolved. This book is the first comprehensive account of the theory of planar harmonic mappings, treating both the generalizations of univalent analytic functions and the connections with minimal surfaces. _Essentially self-contained, the book contains background material in complex analysis and a full development of the classical theory of minimal surfaces, including the Weierstrass-Enneper representation. It is designed to introduce non-specialists to a beautiful area of complex analysis and geometry."	Peter L Duren	QA614.73.D87 2004The German high command at war : Hindenburg and Ludendorff conduct World War I 	"Hindenburg and Ludendorff and world war I, 1914 at the out break of war."	Robert B Asprey	D530.A77 1991The evolution of American investigative journalism  	History of American investigative journalism and the founding of the Investigative Reporters and Editors (IRE). Discusses the murder of investigative reporter Don Bolles and IRE's subsequent controversial Arizona Project. Applies the social-moral development theory of Alasdair MacIntyre to explain how the IRE contributed to the evolution of American investigative journalism--Provided by publisher.	James Aucoin	PN4888.I56 A83 2005Infinity in the palm of her hand : a novel of Adam and Eve 	"In a novel based on the Bible and ancient traditions, Adam and Eve discover the world around them, react to their punishment, and learn to adjust to the outside world, where it is necessary to kill to survive."	Gioconda Belli	PQ7519.2.B44 I6413 2009Why the Dreyfus Affair matters  	"In December 1894, Captain Alfred Dreyfus, a brilliant French artillery officer and a Jew of Alsatian descent, was court-martialed for selling secrets to the German military attache_ in Paris based on perjured testimony and trumped-up evidence. The sentence was military degradation and life imprisonment on Devil's Island, a hellhole off the coast of French Guiana. Five years later, the case was overturned, and eventually Dreyfus was completely exonerated. Meanwhile, the Dreyfus Affair tore France apart, pitting Dreyfusards - committed to restoring freedom and honor to an innocent man convicted of a crime committed by another - against nationalists, anti-Semites, and militarists who preferred having an innocent man rot to exposing the crimes committed by ministers of war and the army's top brass in order to secure Dreyfus's conviction.--[source unknown]."	Louis Begley	DC354.B44 2009Surpassing the spectacle : global transformations and the changing politics of art 	"In her newest book, leading social critic Carol Becker offers a timely analysis of the nature of art and its role in politics and society. Completed just before the September 11, 2001 World Trade Center catastrophe, Surpassing the Spectacle is now especially relevant in its analysis of the spectacle society that was omnipresent before that fatal day. This book is remarkably prescient of the new concerns that have now become foremost in our thoughts since the attack. This collection of essays explores such topics as public memorials, America's attempt to hold onto a sense of security while faced with the reality of international terrorists living within our own cities, the South African Truth and Reconciliation Commission, restorative justice, and issues of freedom of expression as they relate to incidents such as New York Mayor Guiliani's quest to ban Chris Ofili's painting of 'The Holy Virgin Mary' at the Brooklyn Museum. The essays cohere around Becker's central concerns: the education and role of artists in a post post-modern climate, controversies over public space, iconography, memorializing, and the myth of the global citizen. Throughout, Becker works to reconstruct a vision of humanity that incorporates, and hopefully moves us beyond, a dystopian moment when we no longer were able to use words such as humane, accountable, or the public good without seeming nostalgic and romantic. Becker raises the question of the place of art and the function of public intellectuals in a society desperately in need of creativity and leadership."	Carol Becker	N72.S6 B3827 2002The Amazon : land without history 	"In the eight pieces that make up Land Without History, first published in Portuguese in 1909, Euclides da Cunha offers a rare look into twentieth century Amazonia, and the consolidation of South American nation states. Mixing scientific jargon and poetic language, the essays in Land Without History provide breathtaking descriptions of the Amazonian rivers and the ever-changing nature that surrounds them. Brilliantly translated by Ronald Sousa, Land Without History offers a view of the ever changing ecology of the Amazon, and a compelling testimony to the Brazilian colonial enterprise, and its imperialist tendencies with regard to neighboring nation-states. -- Publisher description from http://www.oup.com (Sep. 23, 2011)."	Euclides da Cunha	F2546.C938 2006Dreams of Africa in Alabama : the slave ship Clotilda and the story of the last Africans brought to America 	"In the summer of 1860, more than fifty years after the United States legally abolished the international slave trade, 110 men, women, and children from Benin and Nigeria were brought ashore in Alabama under cover of night. They were the last recorded group of Africans deported to the United States as slaves. Timothy Meaher, an established Mobile businessman, sent the slave ship, the Clotilda, to Africa, on a bet that he could bring a shipful of niggers right into Mobile Bay under the officers' noses. He won the bet. This book reconstructs the lives of the people in West Africa, recounts their capture and passage in the slave pen in Ouidah, and describes their experience of slavery alongside American-born enslaved men and women. After emancipation, the group reunited from various plantations, bought land, and founded their own settlement, known as African Town. They ruled it according to customary African laws, spoke their own regional language and, when giving interviews, insisted that writers use their African names so that their families would know that they were still alive. The last survivor of the Clotilda died in 1935, but African Town is still home to a community of Clotilda descendants."	Sylviane A Diouf	E445.A3 D56 2007Sherwood Anderson : collected stories 	"In the winter of 1912, Sherwood Anderson (1876-1941) abruptly left his office and spent three days wandering through the Ohio countryside, a victim of nervous exhaustion. Over the next few years, abandoning his family and his business, he resolved to become a writer. Novels and poetry followed, but it was with the story collection Winesburg, Ohio that he found his ideal form, remaking the American short story for the modern era. Hart Crane, one of the first to recognize Anderson's genius, quickly hailed his accomplishment."	Sherwood Anderson	PS3501.N4 A6 2012"White people, Indians, and Highlanders : tribal peoples and colonial encounters in Scotland and America "	"In this imaginative work of imperial and tribal history, Colin Calloway examines why these two seemingly wildly disparate groups appear to have so much in common. Both Highland clans and Native American societies underwent parallel experiences on the peripheries of Britain's empire, and often encountered one another on the frontier. Indeed, Highlanders and American Indians fought, traded, and lived together. Both groups were treated as tribal peoples -- remnants of a barbaric past--and eventually forced from their ancestral lands as their traditional food sources--cattle in the Highlands and bison on the Great Plains -- were decimated to make way for livestock farming. In a familiar pattern, the cultures that conquered them would later romanticize the very ways of life they had destroyed. White People, Indians, and Highlanders illustrates how these groups alternately resisted and accommodated the cultural and economic assault of colonialism, before their eventual dispossession during the Highland Clearances and Indian Removals. What emerges is a finely-drawn portrait of how indigenous peoples with their own rich identities experienced cultural change, economic transformation, and demographic dislocation amidst the growing power of the British and American empires. -- Publisher description."	Colin G Calloway	E77.C15 2008Bobos in paradise : the new upper class and how they got there 	"In this work of comic sociology, David Brooks coins a new word, Bobo, to describe today's upper class--those who have wed the bourgeois world of capitalist enterprise to the hippie values of the bohemian counterculture. You know, those visionary software companies where people come to work wearing hiking boots and glacier glasses and seek oneness with the rhythms of nature. Their hybrid lifestyle is the atmosphere we breathe--it defines our age--and in this witty and serious look at the cultural consequences of the information age, Brooks has defined a new generation.--From publisher description."	David Brooks	HN90.E4 B76 2000The desert  	"Includes Ariz.- Sonoran Desert, guide to monuments, parks, refuges, reservations; also guides to Ariz. desert gardens and museums."	Russell D Butcher	QH104.B88 1976Less than one : selected essays 	"Includes essays on Russian writers, Western poets, politics, and the author's native city, Leningrad."	Joseph Brodsky	PN1271.B76 1986Jacques Derrida : basic writings 	"Jacques Derrida is one of the most influential and controversial thinkers of the twentieth century. His ideas on deconstruction have had lasting impact on philosophy, literature and cultural studies. Jacques Derrida: Basic Writings is the first anthology of his most important philosophical writings and provides an indispensable resource for all students and readers of his work. Barry Stocker's clear and helpful introductions set each reading in context, making the volume an ideal companion to those coming to Derrida's writings for the first time. The selections themselves span a range from his most famous works including Speech and Phenomena and Writing and Difference to lesser known discussion on aesthetics, ethics and politics, including selections from: Of Grammatology, Dissemination, Speech and Phenomena, Margins of Philosophy, Writing and Difference, Politics of Friendship, Truth in Painting. Book jacket."	Jacques Derrida	B2430.D482 E5 2007En suelo firme : el nacimiento de un poeta 	"Jimmy Santiago Baca escribe su autobiografia, en la que narra el proceso que le ha llevado a convertirse en uno de los mas aclamados poetas norteamericanos. Pero su formacion no ha tenido lugar en aulas de literatura ni ambientes de sofisticada intelectualidad. A los veintiun anos, Jimmy era un chicano analfabeto que se enfrentaba a cinco anos de prision mayor por venta de drogas. Al tiempo que intenta sobrevivir en un lugar donde la unica ley es la violencia y la unica defensa ser temido, Baca descubre la palabra y queda fascinado por su poder, que termina por convertirle en un hombre nuevo. Desde el encierro describe su infancia en la pobreza, el orfanato y el correccional, su precoz toma de contacto con las drogas y el alcohol, amores y amistad, desenganos y traiciones.--Descripcion de la editorial."	Jimmy Santiago Baca	PS3552.A254 Z47318 2002Wild justice : the moral lives of animals 	"Marrying years of behavioral and cognitive research with compelling and moving anecdotes, Bekoff and Pierce reveal that animals exhibit a broad repertoire of moral behaviors, including fairness, empathy, trust, and reciprocity. Underlying these behaviors is a complex and nuanced range of emotions, backed by a high degree of intelligence and surprising behavioral flexibility. Animals, in short, are incredibly adept social beings, relying on rules of conduct to navigate intricate social networks that are essential to their survival.--Inside jacket."	Marc Bekoff	QL775.B439 2009Jewish mysticism and magic : an anthropological perspective 	Maureen Bloom presents a study of Jewish rites and rituals and how the analysis of early literature provides the roots for understanding religious practices.	Maureen Bloom	BM723.B535 2007Communicating design : developing web site documentation for design and planning 	"Most discussion about Web design seems to focus on the creative process, yet turning concept into reality requires a strong set of deliverables--the documentation (concept model, site maps, usability reports, and more) that serves as the primary communication tool between designers and customers. Here at last is a guide devoted to just that topic. Combining quick tips for improving deliverables with in-depth discussions of presentation and risk mitigation techniques, author Dan Brown shows you how to make the documentation you're required to provide into the most efficient communications tool possible. He begins with an introductory section about deliverables and their place in the overall process, and then delves into to the different types of deliverables. From usability reports to project plans, content maps, flow charts, wireframes, site maps, and more, each chapter includes a contents checklist, presentation strategy, maintenance strategy, a description of the development process and the deliverable's impact on the project, and more."	Daniel M Brown	QA76.9.D6 B76 2007"Shooting the Civil War : cinema, history and American national identity "	"No fewer than seven hundred Civil War films have been made by Hollywood from early silent days to the present, from the epoch-making Birth of a Nation, through The Red Badge of Courage and Gone With the Wind to the recent Glory, Ride with the Devil and Cold Mountain. This readable and innovative book on the American Civil War as presented in Hollywood cinema goes deep into the best of these films, arguing that rather than belonging to a single genre, Civil War films are to be found across genres, as domestic melodramas, Westerns or combat films for example. As such, they have fresh insights to give into the war and into America's sense of itself. Shooting the Civil War shows how these films create an American ancestor who is blameless and undertakes a process of reinscription into the American historical family. It also makes the remarkable revelation that no Civil War film yet made has had a central black character who survives the war, fathers the children of the future, and can stand as representative of the whole American people. To this extent, the book is saying, the Civil War remains a work in progress--Publisher description."	Jenny Barrett	E656.B37 2009At home : the domestic interior in art 	"No genre in the history of art has such immediate, and such lasting, popular appeal as the domestic interior, shown here in more than 150 paintings. And yet behind these evocative scenes lies an important reassessment. The domestic interior has had a hidden life in the history of art, and Frances Borzello, in a delightfully written text, shows why it has misleadingly been neglected as a category in art. The story starts with the interiors of the Dutch artists of the seventeenth century and takes in a long period in which the interior was frowned upon or ignored by the rules of artistic propriety. During the nineteenth century social and economic change encouraged new concentration on depicting the home environment, culminating in the interior's greatest golden age in the late nineteenth century. The evolution of the genre in our own time challenges conventional wisdom that domesticity was the enemy of the avant-garde. The book includes reproductions of ravishing works by more than 100 artists, from Maes and Vermeer to Sargent, Bonnard, and Cassatt to Hopper and Tanning. 160 color illustrations.--Publisher's website."	Frances Borzello	ND1460.I57 B67 2006NGOs in international politics  	"Non-governmental organizations have gained a great deal of popularity in recent years. The awarding of the Nobel Prize to The International Campaign to Ban Landmines in 1977 and to Medicins Sans Frontieres in 1999 has highlighted the emergence of these organizations as new forces in international politics. Yet, there is no work to date that has provided an overview of the varieties of interaction between NGOs and states, international organizations and in international politics. This is especially true of books aimed at undergraduates. NGOs in International Politics surveys a range of NGO activities and relationships in a manner accessible to students in the classroom. Despite the gap in the textbook literature, non-governmental organizations are being taught in undergraduate courses, either in theoretical terms or as components of service learning.--Book cover."	Shamima Ahmed	JZ4841.A36 2006"The numbers game : the commonsense guide to understanding numbers in the news, in politics, and in life "	"Numbers saturate the news, politics, and life. The average person can use basic knowledge and common sense to put the never-ending onslaught of facts and figures in their proper place."	Michael Blastland	QA141.15.B535 2009Evolutionary writings  	"On topics ranging from intelligent design and climate change to the politics of gender and race, the evolutionary writings of Charles Darwin occupy a pivotal position in contemporary public debate. This volume brings together the key chapters of his most important and accessible books, including the Journal of Researches on the Beagle voyage (1845), The Origin of Species (1859), and The Descent of Man (1871), along with the full text of his delightful autobiography. They are accompanied by generous selections of responses from Darwin's nineteenth-century readers from across the world. More than anything, they give a keen sense of the controversial nature of Darwin's ideas, and his position within Victorian debates about man's place in nature. The wide-ranging Introduction by James A. Secord, Director of the Darwin Correspondence Project, explores the global impact and origins of Darwin's work and the reasons for its unparalleled significance today. To increase its usefulness for readers coming to Darwin for the first time, the selection also includes a map of the Beagle voyage, a detailed chronology of Darwin's life, and a biographical appendix identifying every individual mentioned in the text.--Jacket."	Charles Darwin	QH31.D2 A3 2008Beyond the invisible hand : groundwork for a new economics 	"One of the central tenets of mainstream economics is Adam Smith's proposition that, given certain conditions, self-interested behavior by individuals leads them to the social good, almost as if orchestrated by an invisible hand. This deep insight has, over the past two centuries, been taken out of context, contorted, and used as the cornerstone of free-market orthodoxy. In Beyond the Invisible Hand, Kaushik Basu argues that mainstream economics and its conservative popularizers have misrepresented Smith's insight and hampered our understanding of how economies function, why some economies fail and some succeed, and what the nature and role of state intervention might be. Comparing this view of the invisible hand with the vision described by Kafka--in which individuals pursuing their atomistic interests, devoid of moral compunction, end up creating a world that is mean and miserable--Basu argues for collective action and the need to shift our focus from the efficient society to one that is also fair.;Using analytic tools from mainstream economics, the book challenges some of the precepts and propositions of mainstream economics. It maintains that, by ignoring the role of culture and custom, traditional economics promotes the view that the current system is the only viable one, thereby serving the interests of those who do well by this system. Beyond the Invisible Hand challenges readers to fundamentally rethink the assumptions underlying modern economic thought and proves that a more equitable society is both possible and sustainable, and hence worth striving for.;By scrutinizing Adam Smith's theory, this impassioned critique of contemporary mainstream economics debunks traditional beliefs regarding best economic practices, self-interest, and the social good. --Book Jacket."	Kaushik Basu	HB71.B37 2011The world of the Luttrell Psalter  	"One of the most appealing & arresting of medieval manuscripts, the Luttrell psalter was commissioned in the 1320s by a wealthy Lincolnshire landowner, Sir Geoffrey Luttrell of Irnham. Painted in vibrant colour, embellished with gold & silver, the vitality & inventiveness of its decoration is almost unique."	Michelle Brown	BX2033.B76 2006Ethnography and the historical imagination  	"Over the years John and Jean Comaroff have broadened the study of culture and society with their reflections on power and meaning. In their work on Africa and colonialism they have explored some of the fundamental questions of social science, delving into the nature of history and human agency, culture and consciousness, ritual and representation. How are human differences, constructed and institutionalized, transformed and (sometimes) effaced, empowered and (sometimes) resisted? How do local cultures articulate with global forms? How is the power of some people over others built, sustained, eroded, and negated? How does the social imagination take shape in novel yet collectively meaningful ways? Addressing' these questions, the essays in this volume--several never before published--work towards an imaginative sociology, demonstrating the techniques by which social science may capture the contexts that human beings construct and inhabit. In the introduction, the authors offer their most complete statement to date on the nature of historical anthropology. Standing apart from the traditional disciplines of social history and modernist social science, their work is dedicated to discovering how human worlds are made, and signified, forgotten and remade."	John L Comaroff	GN345.C64 1992Engaged observers : documentary photography since the sixties 	"Overview: In the decades following World War II, an independently minded, critically engaged form of photojournalism began to flourish. It was not destined for the morning papers or exclusively for newsmagazines, and it did not attempt to be neutral. This kind of photojournalism was self-assigned. It declared its independence from the mainstream media's editorial control, and it was disseminated to the public through books, exhibitions, articles, and, more recently, the Web. Engaged Observers focuses on nine photographers who have participated in the development of this documentary approach. Surveyed are Leonard Freed (Black in White America), Philip Jones Griffiths (Vietnam Inc.), W. Eugene Smith (Minamata), Susan Meiselas (Nicaragua: June 1978-July 1979), Mary Ellen Mark (Streetwise), Larry Towell (The Mennonites), Sebastiao Salgado (Migrations), Lauren Greenfield (Girl Culture), and James Nachtwey (The Sacrifice). Each section opens with an introductory essay that sets the work in its evolving historical context."	Brett Abbott	TR820.5.A25 2010Helios : Eadweard Muybridge in a time of change 	"Photographer Eadweard Muybridge was above all an innovator who played a groundbreaking role in the creative transformation of late nineteenth-century American and European culture. He pushed the limits of existing technology between 1850 and the dawn of the twentieth century, a time of rapid social and political change. Inspired by a complex set of goals that were artistic, scientific, commercial, and above all personal in nature, Muybridge reinterpreted the grand landscape traditions of photography, surveyed the construction of Western railroads, depicted the growth of the Pacific Coast of the United States, and documented the Modoc War and Central American agriculture. He then developed the ability to freeze photographic sequences describing human and animal locomotion, and reanimated these in some of the first projected motion pictures. Muybridge helped alter and expand our understanding of the world, yet the full complexity of his art is little known today.;Born in England in 1830, Eadweard Muybridge immigrated to the United States in the early 1850s and began his career as a photographer in San Francisco in 1867. He radically reinvented the aesthetic and technical capabilities of the camera and in doing so gave us a new way to conceive of motion, time, and space. Today, the impact of Muybridge's art can be found in many places, from Thomas Edison's kinetoscope viewer and Marcel Duchamp's Nude Descending a Staircase to the poignant paintings of Francis Bacon, the blockbuster film The Matrix, and U2's video for their hit song Lemon. It is interesting now to imagine Muybridge's world, little more than a century ago, when our sense of time was turned upside down for good. Helios: Eadweard Muybridge in a Time of Change constructs a new understanding of Muybridge's innovations and demonstrates his influence as a pioneer of modern art. --Book Jacket."	Philip Brookman	TR849.M87 B76 2010Mathematics elsewhere : an exploration of ideas across cultures 	"Presenting mathematical ideas of peoples from a variety of small-scale and traditional cultures, this book humanizes our view of mathematics and expands our conception of what is mathematical. Through engaging examples of how particular societies structure time, reach decisions about the future, make models and maps, systematize relationships, and create intriguing figures, Marcia Ascher demonstrates that traditional cultures have mathematical ideas that are far more substantial and sophisticated than is generally acknowledged. Malagasy divination rituals, for example, rely on complex algebraic algorithms. And some cultures use calendars far more abstract and elegant than our own. Ascher also shows that certain concepts assumed to be universal--that time is a single progression, for instance, or that equality is a static relationship--are not. The Basque notion of equivalence, for example, is a dynamic and temporal one not adequately captured by the familiar equal sign. Other ideas taken to be the exclusive province of professionally trained Western mathematicians are, in fact, shared by people in many societies. The ideas discussed come from geographically varied cultures, including the Borana and Malagasy of Africa, the Tongans and Marshall Islanders of Oceania, the Tamil of South India, the Basques of Western Europe, and the Balinese and Kodi of Indonesia."	Marcia Ascher	QA21.A83 2002"Great expectations : authoritative text, backgrounds, contexts, criticism "	"Presents a critical edition of Dickens's story of a poor orphan boy educated as a gentleman in Victorian England, with textual notes, essays on the context of the novel, and critical readings of the work, its characters, and its significance."	Charles Dickens	PR4560.A1 1999Political ideas in the romantic age : their rise and influence on modern thought 	"Presents an account of the renowned essayist, Isaiah Berlin's key insights about the history of ideas in the period that he made his own - the Romantic age. Distilling his formative early work in the history of ideas, this book was written for a series of lectures at Bryn Mawr College in 1952. It is sometimes thought that the renowned essayist Isaiah Berlin (1909-1997) was incapable of writing a big book. But in fact he developed some of his most important essays - including Two Concepts of Liberty and Historical Inevitability--A book-length manuscript that he intended to publish, but later set aside. Published here for the first time, Political Ideas in the Romantic Age is the only book in which Berlin lays out in one continuous account most of his key insights about the history of ideas in the period that he made his own - the Romantic age. Distilling his formative early work in the history of ideas, the book also contains much that is not found elsewhere in his writings. The last of Berlin's posthumous books, it is of great interest both for his treatment of the subject and for what it reveals about his intellectual development. Written for a series of lectures at Bryn Mawr College in 1952, and heavily revised and expanded by Berlin afterward, the book argues that the political ideas of the Romantic age are still largely our own - down to the language and metaphors they are expressed in.;Vividly expounding the central political ideas of leading European thinkers in the period 1760-1830, including Helvetius, Condorcet, Rousseau, Saint-Simon, Hegel, Schelling, and Fichte, the book is written in Berlin's characteristically accessible style. The book has been carefully prepared by Berlin's longtime editor Henry Hardy, and Joshua L. Cherniss provides an illuminating introduction that sets it in the context of Berlin's life and work."	Isaiah Berlin	JA71.B4643 2006The interrogator : an education 	"Presents the author's account of an interrogation of a suspected al-Quaeda leader, including the CIA's response to his findings and his views on how the War on Terrorism has affected the decisions made by the White House and CIA."	Glenn Carle	JK468.I6 C358 2011The Praetorian Guard : a history of Rome's elite special forces 	"Provides a history of the Praetorian Guard, from its founding to its disbanding."	Sandra Bingham	U35.B56 2013Psyche : inventions of the other 	"Psyche: Inventions of the Other is the first publication in English of the twenty-eight essay collection Jacques Derrida published in two volumes in 1998 and 2003. In Volume I, Derrida advances his reflection on many topics: psychoanalysis, theater, translation, literature, representation, racism, and nuclear war, among others. The essays in this volume also carry on Derrida's engagement with a number of key thinkers and writers: Barthes, Benjamin, de Man, Flaubert, Freud, Heidegger, Lacoue-Labarthe, Levinas, and Ponge. Included in this volume are new or revised translations of seminal essays (for example, Psyche: Invention of the Other, The Retrait of Metaphor, At This Very Moment in This Work Here I Am, Tours de Babel and Racism's Last Word), as well as three essays that appear here in English for the first time."	Jacques Derrida	B2430.D483 P7813 2007Queen of dreams : a novel 	"Rakhi, a young artist living in Berkeley, California, finds herself caught between the turmoil of life in America in the wake of September 11th and the India of her mother, a woman with the ability to share and interpret the dreams of others."	Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni	PS3554.I86 Q44 2004An introduction to Arabic literature  	"Roger Allen provides a comprehensive introductory survey of literary texts in Arabic, from their unknown beginnings in the fifth century AD to the present day. The volume focuses on the major genres of Arabic literature, dealing with Islam's sacred text, the Qur'an, and a wealth of poetry, narrative prose, drama and criticism. Allen reveals the continuities that link the creative output of the present day to the illustrious literary heritage of the past and incorporates an enormously rich body of popular literature typified most famously by The Arabian Nights. The volume is informed by Western critical approaches, but within each chapter the emphasis is on the texts themselves, with extensive quotations in English translation. Reference features include a chronology and a guide to further reading. A revised and abridged version of Allen's acclaimed study, The Arabic Literary Heritage, this book provides an invaluable student introduction to a major non-Western literary tradition. http://catdir.loc.gov/catdir/description/cam0210/99053418.html."	Roger Allen	PJ7510.A43 2000"Trask, a novel."	"Set in 1848 on the wild edge of the continent, in the rainforests and rugged headlands of the Oregon coast, Trask follows a mountain man's quest for new opportunities and new land to settle. Elbridge Trask is a restless man, a gambler with God, nature, and life itself. Yearning for change, he sets out with Wakila, a young Clatsop Indian, and Charley Kehwa, a tamanawis man or spiritual leader of the tribe, on an extraordinary journey of discovery."	Don Berry	PZ4.B5315 Tr"Thinking strategically : the competitive edge in business, politics, and everyday life "	"Sets forth the findings of game theory as a series of basic strategic principles, illustrated with stories of human interaction--in sports, politics, business, and personal life."	Avinash K Dixit	HD30.28.D59 1991Brokerage and closure : an introduction to social capital 	"Social capital, the advantage created by location in social structure is a critical element in business strategy. Who has it, how it works and how to develop it have become key questions as markets, organizations and careers become more and more dependent on informal discretionary relationships. The formal organization deals with accountability; everything else flows through the informal; advice, coordination, cooperation, friendship, gossip, knowledge, trust ... Ronald S. Burt builds on his celebrated work in this area to explore the nature of brokerage and closure. Brokerage is the activity of people who live at the intersecting of social worlds, who have a vision advantage of seeing and developing good ideas, an advantage which can be seen in their compensation, recognition and the responsibility they're entrusted with in comparison to their peers ... Brokerage and Closure explores how these elements work together to define social capital, showing how in the business world reputation has come to replace authority, pursued opportunity assignment, and reward has come to be associated with achieving competitive advantage in a social order of continuous disequilibrium.--Book cover."	Ronald S Burt	HM708.B87 2005Stories of the invisible : a guided tour of molecules 	"Spiced with quotations from Primo Levi, Flann O'Brien, and Thomas Pynchon, Stories of the invisible takes us on a tour of a world few of us knew existed. The author describes, for instance, the remarkable molecular structure of spider's silk--a material that is pound for pound much stronger the steel--and shows how the Kevlar fibers in bulletproof vests were invented by imitating the alignment of molecules found in the spider's amazing thread. We also learn about the protein molecules that create movement, without which bacteria would be immobile, cells could not divide, there would be no reproduction and therefore no life. The book describes molecules shaped like miniature sculptures, containers, soccer balls, threads, rings, levers and geodesic domes, all made by sticking atoms together. Perhaps most important, Ball provides a fresh perspective on the future of molecular science, revealing how researchers are promising to reinvent chemistry as the central creative science of the 21st century."	Philip Ball	QD461.B228 2001Music & the making of a new South  	"Startled by rapid social changes at the turn of the twentieth century, citizens of Atlanta wrestled with fears about the future of race relations, the shape of gender roles, the impact of social class, and the meaning of regional identity in a New South. Campbell demonstrates how these anxieties were played out in Atlanta's popular musical entertainment.;Examining the period of 1890 to 1925, Campbell focuses on three popular musical institutions: the New York Metropolitan Opera (which visited Atlanta each year), the Colored Music Festival, and the Georgia Old-Time Fiddlers' Convention. He shows how attempts to inscribe music with a single, public, fixed meaning were connected to much larger struggles over the distribution of social, political, cultural, and economic power. Attitudes about music extended beyond the concert hall to simultaneously enrich and impoverish both the region and the nation that these New Southerners struggled to create."	Gavin James Campbell	ML200.8.A56 C35 2004The arcades project  	"The arcades project is Walter Benjamin's effort to represent and to critique the bourgeois experience of nineteenth-century history and, in so doing, to liberate the suppressed 'true history' that underlay the ideological mask--Page 4 of cover.;Focusing on the arcades of 19th-century Paris--glass-roofed rows of shops that were early centers of consumerism--Benjamin presents a montage of quotations from, and reflections on, hundreds of published sources."	Walter Benjamin	DC733.B3813 2002Immigration  	"The author of this volume is executive director of the National Foundation for American Policy, a research group in Arlington, Virginia. He was formerly head of policy at the Immigration and Naturalization Service and staff director of the Senate Immigration Subcommittee. This volume is a comprehensive and practical guide to the history, economics, and contributions of immigrants, written by a former key policymaker who is now a leading researcher in the field. It is an examination of U.S. immigration policies and their impact on the nation, combining a historical overview and a guide to how immigration works in practice. In this one-volume compendium on the history, politics, culture, and contributions of immigrants to the United States he offers an analysis of the economic, fiscal, and other impacts of current immigration policies, and he recommends reforms and policy solutions for the thorniest immigration issues, such as illegal immigration. He uses his experience in key immigration policy posts to provide an insider's perspective on a broad array of immigration-related issues. Immigration to the United States directly affects the lives of millions of people every year, whether someone is seeking to visit, work here, or immigrate to join family members. Yet, reliable sources estimate the population of illegal immigrants in the United States to be as high as 11 million, demonstrating the ineffectiveness of current policies and the need for a new approach. But the book does not ignore the fact that immigration has always enriched and strengthened our nation. Along with policy considerations, it also encompasses enlightening profiles detailing the many contributions of individual immigrants in such diverse areas as science, sports, the military, and business."	Stuart Anderson	JV6456.A53 2010Unlevel playing fields : understanding wage inequality and discrimination 	"The authors intend this book to act as a short, topical and issue based supplement for courses dealing with race and gender studies, economics, women's studies, sociology and public policy where concern needs to be directed against wage inequality."	Randy Pearl Albelda	HD6061.A53 1997"War in England, 1642-1649  "	"The book deals even-handedly with royalists and parliamentarians, examining how much they had in common, as well as discussing the points on which they differed. It looks at the intimacy of this often uncivil war, in which enemies fought at close quarters, spoke the same language and had often been acquainted before the war began, just as they had often known the civilians who suffered their presence. A final section on two sieges illustrates these themes in practice over extended periods, and also demonstrates the integration of military and civilian experience in a civil war. --from publisher description."	Barbara Donagan	DA405.D66 2008Disarming Iraq  	"The chairman of the International Commission on Weapons of Mass Destruction and the former leader of the U.N.'s weapons inspection team provides an objective, firsthand account of the events leading up to the 2003 invasion of Iraq, detailing meetings with international leaders, the activities of his inspection team, and more. 75,000 first printing."	Hans Blix	U793.B58 2004River of the west : stories from the Columbia 	"The Columbia River is the great river of both the American West and of the American imagination. From the glacial floods that began to shape it twelve thousand years ago to its discovery, conquest, and colonization by the English, Spanish, and Americans, the river's story encompasses not only the full range of American history but a geography of myth, hope, and tragedy: the impact of conquest on the native peoples; the idea of a United States reaching to the Pacific; the material and spiritual quests of European adventurers, New England missionaries, and emigrants from the drought-ridden plains of the Midwest; and hydropowered New Deal dreams of peace and prosperity. In River of the West, the Columbia unfolds itself in stories of the people who lived and died on its shores; discovered and claimed it for their country; or depended on its dam-generated power or bountiful salmon. Portraits of the shaman Smohalla, leader of the renegade Indians who refused to settle on the reservations, and Christian missionary Narcissa Whitman, who was mutilated and murdered by the tribe she had come to redeem (a tribe nearly destroyed by the diseases brought by white settlers), plumb the perspectives of the indigenous river peoples, the dreams of explorers and settlers, and the drama that resulted when the two met. Detailing Franklin Delano Roosevelt's stirring speeches urging the construction of the Grand Coulee and Bonneville dams, Clark evokes the hydro-socialism that brought dust-bowl refugees and Woody Guthrie to the lush Northwest and went on to create boomtowns as the dams powered a huge portion of the nation's World War II manufacturing effort. And, through the accounts of five imprisoned Indian fishermen, Clark reveals the tragic story of how the dams made salmon extinct on two-thirds of the Columbia and flooded ancient fishing grounds, stripping Indians of their livelihood and traditional way of life. Dramatic, often profound, and always riveting, River of the West is an unforgettable portrait of the West's greatest waterway. Providing material and spiritual sustenance for at least two dozen native river peoples; the impetus for countless expeditions by explorers - and exploiters - from around the world; central to the national visions of both Thomas Jefferson and Franklin Delano Roosevelt; the subject of more than twenty songs by Woody Guthrie; and the site of a salmonscam that pitted the U.S. government against traditional Yakima fishermen, the Columbia - the mythic, eternal river of the American West - has many stories to tell."	Robert Clark	F853.C53 1995"The occupation of Iraq : winning the war, losing the peace "	"The former Iraqi Defense Minister examines what the United States did and didn't know at the time of the invasion, the reasons for the confused and contradictory polices, and the emergence of the Iraqi political class during the transition process."	Ali A Allawi	DS79.76.A393 2007Cyberpl@y : communicating online 	"The Internet is changing the way we communicate. As a 'cross' between letter-writing and conversation, email has altered traditional letter-writing conventions. Websites and chat rooms have made visual aspects of written communication of greater importance, arguably, than ever before. New communication codes continue to evolve with unprecedented speed. This book explores playfulness and artfulness in digital writing and communication and anwers penetrating questions about this new medium. Under what conditions do old letter-writing norms continue to be important, even in email? Digital greetings are changing the way we celebrate special occasions and public holidays, but will they take the place of paper postcards and greeting cards? The author also looks at how new art forms, such as virtual theatre, ASCII art, and digital folk art on IRC, are flourishing, and how many people collect and display digital fonts on handsome Websites, or even design their own. Intended as a 'time capsule' documenting developments online in the mid- to late 1990s, when the Internet became a mass medium, this book treats the computer as an expressive instrument fostering new forms of creativity and popular culture. -- Product Description."	Brenda Danet	P96.T42 D37 2001The irrational Augustine  	"The Irrational Augustine takes the notion of St Augustine as rigid and dogmatic Father of the Church and turns it on its head. Catherine Conybeare reads Augustine's earliest works to discover the anti-dogmatic Augustine, who values changeability and human interconnectedness and deplores social exclusion. The novelty of her book lies in taking seriously the nature of these early works as performances, through which multiple questions can be raised and multiple options explored, both in words and through their dramatic framework. The theological consequences are considerable. A very human Augustine emerges, talking and playing with friends and family, including his mother - and a very sympathetic set of ideas is the result.-- PUBLISHER DESCRIPTION."	Catherine Conybeare	BR65.A9 C68 2006"The Mediterranean world in late antiquity, AD 395-600  "	"The Mediterranean World in Late Antiquity AD 395-600 deals with the exciting period commonly known as 'late antiquity' - the fifth and sixth centuries. The Roman empire in the west was splitting into separate Germanic kingdoms, while the Near East, still under Roman rule from Constantinople, maintained a dense population and flourishing urban culture until the Persian and Arab invasions of the early seventh century. Averil Cameron places her emphasis on the material and literary evidence for cultural change and offers a new and original challenge to traditional assumptions of 'decline and fall' and 'the end of antiquity'. The book draws on the recent spate of scholarship on this period to discuss in detail such controversial issues as the effectiveness of the late Roman army, the late antique city and the nature of economic exchange and cultural life. With its extensive annotation, it provides a lively and often critical introduction to earlier approaches to the period, from Edward Gibbon's Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire to the present day. No existing book in English provides so detailed or up-to-date an introduction to the history of both halves of the empire in this crucial period, or discusses existing views in such a challenging way. Averil Cameron is a leading specialist on late antiquity, having written about the period and taught it for many years. This book has much to say to historians of all periods. It will be particularly welcomed by teachers and students of both ancient and medieval history."	Averil Cameron	DE71.C25 1993Globalisation and the nation in imperial Germany  	"The process of globalisation in the late nineteenth century had a profound effect on the trajectories of German nationalism. While the existing literature on the subject has largely remained within the confines of national history, Sebastian Conrad uses the example of mobility and labour migration to show to what extent German nationalism was transformed under the auspices of global integration. Among the effects of cross border circulation were the emergence of diasporic nationalism, the racialisation of the nation, the implementation of new border regimes, and the hegemony of ideological templates that connected nationalist discourse to global geopolitics. Ranging from the African colonies, China and Brazil to the Polish speaking territories in Eastern Europe, this groundbreaking book demonstrates that the dynamics of German nationalism were not only negotiated in the Kaiserreich but also need to be situated in the broader context of globalisation before the First World War--Provided by publisher."	Sebastian Conrad	DD220.C6613 2010"The geographic revolution in early America : maps, literacy, and national identity "	The rapid rise in popularity of maps and geography handbooks in the eighteenth century ushered in a new geographic literacy among non elite Americans. This illustrated book argues that geographic literacy as it was played out in popular literary genres significantly influenced the formation of identity in America from the 1680s to the 1820s.	Martin Bru_ckner	G1201.S1 B8 2006"Middle of the night, a love story."	The romance of a middle-aged clothing manufacturer and a young girl.	Paddy Chayefsky	PS3505.H632 M5 1957aThe European symphony from ca. 1800 to ca. 1930 : Germany and the Nordic countries 	The third volume to appear in the magnum opus of A. Peter Brown takes as its topic the European symphony ca. 1800-ca. 1930 and is divided into two parts. Brown's series synthesises an enormous amount of scholarly literature in a wide range of languages.	A Peter Brown	ML1255.B87 2002 vol. 3A"I am Nujood, age 10 and divorced  "	"The true story of the remarkable 10-year-old Yemeni girl who dared to defy her country's most archaic traditions by fighting for a divorce.;Recently honored alongside Hillary Clinton and Condoleezza Rice as one of Glamour magazines women of the year, Nujood now tells her full story for the first time. Forced by her father to marry a man three times her age, young Nujood Ali was sent away from her parents and beloved sisters and made to live with her husband and his family in an isolated village in rural Yemen. There she suffered daily from physical and emotional abuse by her mother-in-law and nightly at the rough hands of her spouse. Flouting his oath to wait to have sexual relations with Nujood until she was no longer a child, he took her virginity on their wedding night. She was only ten years old. Unable to endure the pain and distress any longer, Nujood flednot for home, but to the courthouse of the capital, paying for a taxi ride with a few precious coins of bread money. When a renowned Yemeni lawyer heard about the young victim, she took on Nujoods case and fought the archaic system in a country where almost half the girls are married while still under the legal age. Since their unprecedented victory in April 2008, Nujoods courageous defiance of both Yemeni customs and her own family has attracted a storm of international attention. Her story even incited change in Yemen and other Middle Eastern countries, where underage marriage laws are being increasingly enforced and other child brides have been granted divorces. As she guides us from the magical, fragrant streets of the Old City of Sanaa to the cement-block slums and rural villages of this ancient land, her unflinching look at an injustice suffered by all too many girls around the world is at once shocking, inspiring, and utterly unforgettable. -- Provided by publisher."	Nujood Ali	HQ784.C55 A45 2010A history of the Hexagon program  	"The United States developed the Gambit and Hexagon programs to improve the nation's means for peering over the iron curtain that separated western democracies from east European and Asian communist countries. The inability to gain insight into vast denied areas required exceptional systems to understand threats posed by US adversaries. Corona was the first imagery satellite system to help see into those areas. Hexagon began as a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) program with the first concepts proposed in 1964. The CIA's primary goal was to develop an imagery system with Corona-like ability to image wide swaths of the earth, but with resolution equivalent to Gambit. Such a system would afford the United States even greater advantages monitoring the arms race that had developed with the nation's adversaries. The system that became Hexagon faced three major challenges. The first was development of the technology, which was eventually overcome by the Itek and Perkin-Elmer Corporations. Perkin-Elmer took over development of the original camera system that would evolve into the primary camera for the Hexagon program. The panoramic camera system, designated KH-9, would image vast areas of the earth and prove an essential collection asset for verifying the Soviet Union's compliance with arms control treaties as well as address other intelligence questions."	R J Chester	UG1515.C447 2012Worse than Watergate : the secret presidency of George W. Bush 	"This book began as an admonition. Only ignorance or bliss, I figured at the time, could lead another president and the White House to make the same kind of mistakes we made during Nixon's presidency."	John W Dean	E902.D42 2004"Sex, gender, and Christian ethics  "	"This book endorses feminist critiques of gender, yet upholds the insight of traditional Christianity that sex, commitment and parenthood are fulfilling human relations. Their unity is a positive ideal, though not an absolute norm. Women and men should enjoy equal personal respect and social power. In reply to feminist critics of oppressive gender and sex norms and to communitarian proponents of Christian morality, Cahill argues that effective intercultural criticism of injustice requires a modest defence of moral objectivity. She thus adopts a critical realism as its moral foundation, drawing on Aristotle and Aquinas. Moral judgment should be based on reasonable, practical, prudent and cross-culturally nuanced reflection on human experience. This is combined with a New Testament model of community, centred on solidarity, compassion and inclusion of the economically or socially marginalised."	Lisa Sowle Cahill	BT708.C283 1996Personality and intellectual competence  	"This book provides a comprehensive state-of-the-art review of personality and intelligence, as well as covering other variables underlying academic and occupational performance. Personality and Intellectual Competence is a unique attempt to develop a comprehensive model to understand individual differences by relating major personality dimensions to cognitive ability measures, academic and job performance, and self-assessed abilities (as well as other traditional constructs such as leadership and creativity). It will be essential reading for anyone interested in personality, intelligence, and the prediction of future achievement in general."	Tomas Chamorro-Premuzic	BF698.9.I6 C55 2005Introduction to liquid crystals chemistry and physics  	"This text begins with an account of the discovery of liquid crystals and a description of how different phases are generated. It then explains the properties of the various forms of liquid crystals, and discusses the technology of LCDs."	Peter J Collings	04$aQD923.C635 1997Native American placenames of the United States  	"This volume combines historical research and linguistic fieldwork with native speakers from across the United States to present the first comprehensive, up-to-date, scholarly dictionary of American placenames derived from native languages. Linguist William Bright assembled a team of twelve editorial consultants - experts in Native American languages - and many other native contributors to prepare this lexicon of eleven thousand placenames along with their etymologies. New data from leading scholars make this volume an invaluable reference for students of American Indian culture, folklore, and local histories. Bright's introduction explains his methodology and the contents of each entry. This comprehensive, alphabetical lexicon preserves native language as it details the history and culture found in American indian placenames."	William Bright	E98.N2 B75 2004Life in cold blood  	"This volume offers a glimpse into the world of amphibians and reptiles, the first vertebrate creatures to venture forth from the primeval waters millions of years ago, yet which today include species that are the most at risk of extinction. Here the author, a naturalist travels to the far corners of the Earth to tell the epic story of these animals in this companion to the television series. The book tells the history of their pioneering ancestors, the secrets of their astounding success, and the profound implications of their uncertain future. Amphibians and reptiles once ruled the planet, and their descendants exhibit some of the most colorful variety and astounding behavior known to the animal kingdom. What are the origins of these creatures? How have they transformed themselves into the beautiful and bizarre forms found today? In this book, the author gets up close and personal with the living descendants of the first vertebrates ever to colonize the land, and through them traces the fascinating history of their pioneering ancestors. He explains the ways amphibians and reptiles have changed little from their prehistoric forebears while also demonstrating how they have adapted and evolved into diverse new forms, some of them beyond our wildest imaginings. And he also raises awareness of the threats global warming and other man-made environmental changes pose to many of these creatures."	David Attenborough	QL644.A88 2008The making of a transnational capitalist class : corporate power in the twenty-first century 	"Throughout the world, there has been a growing wave of interest in global corporate power and the rise of a transnational capitalist class, triggered by economic and political transformations that have blurred national borders and disembedded corporate business from national domiciles. With an in-depth analysis that spans three decades, The Making of a Transnational Capitalist Class maps the changing field of power generated by elite relations among the world's largest corporations and related political organizations. Using social network analysis, William Carroll charts the making of a capitalist class which reaches beyond national forms of organization into a global field, but which faces spirited opposition from below in an ongoing struggle over alternative global futures--Book cover."	William K Carroll	HD2731.C37 2010From dictatorship to democracy : an insider's account of the Iraqi opposition to Saddam 	"Today, Hamid al-Bayati serves as Iraqi ambassador to the United Nations. But for many years he lived in exile in London, where he worked with other opponents of Saddam Hussein's regime to make a democratic and pluralistic Iraq a reality. As former Western spokesman for the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq (SCIRI), and as a member of the executive council of the Iraqi National Congress, two of the main groups opposing Saddam's regime, he led campaigns to alert the world to human rights violations in Iraq and win support from the international community for the removal of Saddam. An important Iraqi diplomat and member of Iraq's majority Shia community, al-Bayati offers firsthand accounts of the meetings and discussions he and other Iraqi opponents to Saddam held with American and British diplomats from 1991 to 2004. Drawn from his personal archives of meeting minutes and correspondence, From Dictatorship to Democracy takes readers through the history of the opposition. We learn the views and actions of principal figures, such as SCIRI head Sayyid Mohammed Baqir Al-Hakeem and the other leaders of the Iraqi National Congress, Ahmed Chalabi and his Kurdish counterparts, Masound Barzani and Jalal Talabani. Al-Bayati vividly captures their struggle to unify in the face of not only Saddam's harsh and bloody repression but also an unresponsive and unmotivated international community. Al-Bayati's efforts in the months before and after the U.S. invasion also put him in direct contact with key U.S. figures such as Zalmay Khalilzad and L. Paul Bremer and at the center of the debates over returning Iraq to self-government quickly and creating the foundation for a secure and stable state. Al-Bayati was both eyewitness to and actor in the dramatic struggle to remove Saddam from power. In this unique historical document, he provides detailed recollections of his work on behalf of a democratic Iraq that reflect the hopes and frustrations of the Iraqi people.--Jacket."	H___mid Bay__t__	DS79.7.B39 2011The Reformation in Germany  	"Topics include: the spread and reception of the evangelical movement, the historical dynamic created by the fusion of religious ideas and the social context, the religious imagination of the common man and utopian visions of reform, and the relationship between political culture and religious change."	C Scott Dixon	BR305.3.D58 2002Postcards from the brain museum : the improbable search for meaning in the matter of famous minds 	"Traces the near-obsessive nineteenth-century research of top scientific minds to locate possible anatomical signs of genius, criminal behavior, and insanity, discussing the posthumous brain examinations of such figures as Albert Einstein, Walt Whitman, and Vladimir Lenin."	Brian Burrell	QM451.B883 2004A secret history of torture  	"Uncovers the use of torture by the West while they categorically deny it, revealing a picture that challenges the complacency on human rights and exposes their lies."	Ian Cobain	HV8599.G8 C63 2012Ethical criticism : reading after Levinas 	"What is the relationship between literary criticism and ethics? Does criticism have an ethical task? How can criticism be ethical after literary theory? Ethical Criticism seeks to answer these questions by examining the historical development of the ethics of criticism and the vigorous contemporary backlash against what is known as 'theory'. The book appraises current arguments about the ethics of criticism and, finding them wanting, turns to the philosophy of Emmanuel Levinas. Described as 'the greatest moral philosopher of the twentieth century', Levinas' thought has had a profound influence on a number of significant contemporary thinkers. By paying close attention to his major writings, Robert Eaglestone argues cogently and persuasively for a new understanding of the ethical task of criticism and theory."	Robert Eaglestone	B2430.L484 E33 1997Commanding right and forbidding wrong in Islamic thought  	"What kind of duty do we have to try to stop other people doing wrong? The question is intelligible in just about any culture, but few of them seek to answer it in a rigorous fashion. The most striking exception is found in the Islamic tradition, where 'commanding right' and 'forbidding wrong' is a central moral tenet already mentioned in the Koran. As an historian of Islam whose research has ranged widely over space and time, Michael Cook is well placed to interpret this complex subject. His book represents the first sustained attempt to map the history of Islamic reflection on this obligation. It covers the origins of Muslim thinking about 'forbidding wrong', the relevant doctrinal developments over the centuries, and its significance in Sunni and Shi'ite thought today. In this way the book contributes to the understanding of Islamic thought, its relevance to contemporary Islamic politics and ideology, and raises fundamental questions for the comparative study of ethics.--Publisher description."	Michael Cook	BJ1291.C66 2000"Russian stage design, 1880-1930 (in two volumes)  "	"Why collect Russian stage designs? Why write about them? These questions are not rhetorical or idly academic. They have real historical, intellectual, and commercial relevance. Answers may vary, but surely a primary response must be that, quite simply, Russian stage designs are immensely pleasing to the eye. They vibrate, and scintillate with color, texture and movement. Furthermore, through their daring inventions, Russian artists of the first thirty years of the 20th century transformed, profoundly and permanently, our perception of stage design - and hence of the theater. They belonged to an extraordinarily creative generation of impresarios, dancers, actors, patrons, and critics who inspired or at least made a major contribution to the international renaissance of the art of the stage, and in particular areas, e.g. the teaching and performing of ballet, their influence is still present today. However, in spite of the many published commentaries on the Russian theater, in spite of the autobiographies and biographies of its leading representatives, and in spite of the scholarly appreciations of its various components (ballet, drama, opera), the subject of stage design in Russia has yet to be explored in all its manifestations. Each work presented here is documented as fully as possible, and includes curatorial data, provenance index, and references to relevant published sources, exhibitions; and variants such as copies and preliminary drawings. The catalogue raisonne_ addresses the issues of attribution, identification of stage production, and date of execution and adduces evidence in the form of bibliographical, archival, and photographic data, expert opinion, and circumstantial evidence in order to support assumptions and conclusions.--Publisher's website."	John E Bowlt	PN2721.B69 2012Heidegger's Being and time : a reader's guide 	William Blattner explains the philosophical background against which the book was written and provides an overview of the key themes and motifs. He guides the reader to a clear understanding of Heidegger's work as a whole. He explores the reception and influence of the work and offers the student guidance on further reading.	William D Blattner	B3279.H48 B575 2006Coyote at the kitchen door : living with wildlife in suburbia 	"A moose frustrates commuters by wandering onto the highway; a cougar stalks his prey through suburban backyards; an alligator suns himself in a strip mall parking lot. Such stories, which regularly make headline news, highlight the blurred divide that now exists between civilization and wilderness. In Coyote at the Kitchen Door, Stephen DeStefano draws on decades of experience as a biologist and conservationist to examine the interplay between urban sprawl and wayward wildlife. As he explores what our insatiable appetite for real estate means for the health and wellbeing of animals and ourselves, he highlights growing concerns, such as the loss of darkness at night because of light pollution. DeStefano writes movingly about the contrasts between constructed and natural environments and about the sometimes cherished, sometimes feared place that nature holds in our modern lives, as we cluster into cities yet show an increasing interest in the natural world. Woven throughout the book is the story of one of the most successful species in North America: the coyote. Once restricted to the prairies of the West, this adaptable animal now inhabits most of North America - urban and wild alike. DeStefano traces a female coyote's movements along a winding path between landscapes in which her species learned to survive and flourish. Coyote at the Kitchen Door asks us to rethink the meaning of progress and create a new suburban wildlife ethic.--Jacket."	Stephen DeStefano	QH541.5.C6 D47 2010Aesthetics and politics of space in Russia and Japan : a comparative philosophical study 	"Aesthetics and Politics of Space in Russia and Japan: A Comparative Philosophical Study examines the parallels between Russian and Japanese philosophies and religions by revealing a common concept of space in Russian and Japanese aesthetics and political theories. Thorsten Botz-Bornstein shows points of convergence between the two traditions regarding the treatment of space within the realm of identity (both individual and communal), and in formulations of the relationship between regionalism, localism, and globalism. Russian and Japanese philosophers like Nishida, Watsuji, Trubetzkoy, and the Eurasianists transformed the traditional notion of communal space, which has always been seen as an organic time-space unity, into a sophisticated element very well described as time-space development. Botz-Bornstein's comparative study also leads to an analysis of contemporary themes. Reflections on Noh-plays and icons, for example, permit one to untangle the relationships between the virtual, the dream, the imaginary, and reality. Virtual reality, as an environment that pulls users into itself, makes use of strategies that are also common in Noh-plays and icons, both of which share a particular conception of space. The non-Western alternatives presented in Aesthetics and Politics of Space in Russia and Japan can be considered as useful additions to contemporary political and aesthetic discourses.--Jacket."	Thorsten Botz-Bornstein	BH301.S65 B68 2009"An earth-colored sea : ""race,"" culture, and the politics of identity in the postcolonial Portuguese-speaking world "	"Although the post-colonial situation has attracted considerable interest over recent years, one important colonial power - Portugal - has not been given any attention. This book is the first to explore notions of ethnicity, race, culture, and nation in the context of the debate on colonialism and postcolonialism. The structure of the book reflects a trajectory of research, starting with a case study in Trinidad, followed by another one in Brazil, and ending with yet another one in Portugal. The three ethnographic studies are intertwined with essays of a more theoretical nature. The non-monographic, composite - or hybrid - nature of this work may be in itself an indication of the need for transnational and historically grounded research when dealing with issues of representations of identity that were constructed during colonial times and that are today reconfigured in the ideological struggles over cultural meanings.--Jacket."	Miguel Vale de Almeida	DP534.5.A4613 2004Reform before the Reformation : Vincenzo Querini and the religious Renaissance in Italy 	"An important aspect of the Italian Renaissance was church reform. This book examines the nature of that reform - especially in Venice. Florence and Rome - as viewed through the unpublished manuscripts of a Venetian nobleman who became a Camaldolese hermit: Vincenzo Querini (1478-1514). This book sets Querini's personal journey to reform in the context of Venetian society, as well as against the backdrop of political crisis, cultural revival, and monastic renaissance in Italy generally. Querini's attempt to reform himself, the Roman Catholic Church, and the whole of Christendom are of interest to historians seeking to revise the chronology of early modern church reform since he employed a range of scriptural, humanist, conciliar, monastic, and mystical methods that had medieval antecedents but were also imitated by reformers after the Reformation.--Jacket."	Stephen D Bowd	BX4705.Q39 B68 2002An introduction to frames and Riesz bases  	"An Introduction to Frames and Riesz Bases will be of interest to graduate students and researchers working in pure and applied mathematics, mathematical physics, and engineering. Professionals working in digital signal processing who wish to understand the theory behind many modern signal processing tools may also find this book a useful self-study reference.--Jacket."	Ole Christensen	QA433.C47 2003"A pattern language : towns, buildings, construction "	"At the core of the book is the point that in designing their environments people always rely on certain 'languages', which, like the languages we speak, allow them to articulate and communicate an infinite variety of designs within a formal system which gives them coherence. This book provides a language of this kind. It will enable a person to make a design for almost any kind of building, or any part of the built environment. 'Patterns', the units of this language, are answers to design problems (How high should a window sill be? How many stories should a building have? How much space in a neighborhood should be devoted to grass and trees?). More than 250 of the patterns in this pattern language are given: each consists of a problem statement, a discussion of a the problem with an illustration, sand a solution. As the authors say in their introduction, many of the patters are archetypal, so deeply rooted in the nature of things that it seems likely that they will be a part of human nature, and human action, as much in five hundred years as they are today--Jacket."	Christopher Alexander	NA2500.A445 1977"Blacks, Indians, and Spaniards in the Eastern Andes : reclaiming the forgotten in colonial Mizque, 1550-1782 "	"Blacks, Indians, and Spaniards in the Eastern Andes examines the little known province of Mizque and its colonial populations from 1550 to 1782. Mizque's sub-puna valleys, lowland plains, and tropical forests boasted multiple desirable ecological zones. It was inhabited by diverse Andean ethnic groups, some with Amazonian ties and some who were aggressive warriors. The Spanish conquest of the region, incomplete at best, reconfigured the land and labor systems and created a hinterland-to-highland colonial market system, fostering an economic boom in wine, sugar, coca, and livestock. African slaves brought in to supplement the rapidly declining indigenous labor force further contributed to demographic and economic change beyond the control of the Spanish imperial state. Lolita Gutierrez Brockington's work also analyzes how imperial control met with resistance and how Africans, Indians, and Spaniards, and their descendants interacted with one another. Her study uncovers an intersection and cross-fertilization of sociocultural measurements identifiable in the workplace, courts, church, and private lives. Brockington uses Spanish colonial documentary sources, including serial financial accounts of wealthy orphans, court cases, parish records, and census information of hacienda workers to elucidate race, ethnic, class, and gender issues within the colonial reality of contradiction and ambiguity.--Jacket."	Lolita Gutie_rrez Brockington	F3341.M58 B76 2006Alfred Kazin : a biography 	"Born in 1915 to barely literate Jewish immigrants in the Brownsville section of Brooklyn, Alfred Kazin rose from near poverty to become a dominant figure in twentieth-century literary criticism and one of America's last great men of letters. Biographer Richard M. Cook provides a portrait of Kazin in his public roles and in his frequently unhappy private life. Drawing on the personal journals Kazin kept for more than sixty years, private correspondence, and numerous conversations with Kazin, he uncovers the full story of the lonely, stuttering boy from Jewish Brownsville who became a pioneering critic and influential cultural commentator. Upon the appearance of On Native Grounds in 1942, Kazin was dubbed the boy wonder of American criticism. Numerous publications followed, including the groundbreaking A Walker in the City and two other memoirs, books of criticism, and a stream of essays and reviews that ceased only with his death in 1998. Cook tells of Kazin's childhood, his troubled marriages, and his relations with such figures as Lionel Trilling, Saul Bellow, Malcolm Cowley, Arthur Schlesinger, Hannah Arendt, and Daniel Bell. He illuminates Kazin's thinking on political-cultural issues and the recurring way in which his subject's personal life shaped his career as a public intellectual. Particular attention is paid to Kazin's sense of himself as a Jewish American loner whose inner estrangements gave him insight into the divisions at the heart of modern culture.--Jacket."	Richard M Cook	PS29.K38 A3 2007The collected poems of C.P. Cavafy : a new translation 	"C. P. Cavafy (1863-1933) has written some of the most powerful poems in history. His work uncannily translates history, the record of the many, into an individual personal document. Though Cavafy is wickedly satirical, many of his poems are located in a landscape of intimacy. Drawing on the spectrum of ancient Greek poetic tradition, his poetry is still internal, whether his speaker is a spoiled rich boy who plans to enter politics or a poor, ostracized, pure and beautiful young man destroyed by poverty and priggish social mores. In these glimmering and lyrical translations, with an introduction and scholarly endnotes co-written with Willis Barnstone, Aliki Barnstone has been faithful to the original Greek, capturing both Cavafy's song and his vernacular in ways neglected in previous translations. Paying close attention to tone and diction, she has employed her well-tuned poet's ear, making Cavafy's verse breathe new music in English.--Jacket."	Constantine Cavafy	PA5610 .K2 A2 2006Monteverdi  	"Celebrated during his lifetime, Monteverdi disappeared from the repertory for centuries until interest in him gradually revived over the last hundred years. Denis Arnold's contribution to this revival was considerable. Here he pays tribute to Monteverdi's genius and such enduring achievements as the Vespers, other choral compositions, the operas, and the sacred and secular songs. In relating Monteverdi to the musical activity of his time, and in examining his years at the Court of Mantua and in Venice, Denis Arnold reveals a fascinating musician whose works epitomize in many varied ways the musical and cultural issues of his age.;The text and appendices of this edition have been revised by Tim Carter, who has added a new chapter taking account of recent scholarship.--Jacket."	Denis Arnold	ML410.M77 A8 2000Contemporary Coptic nuns  	"Contemporary Coptic Nuns reveals a world rarely seen by outsiders - the world of the nuns who worship and serve as part of the largest community of indigenous Christians in the Middle East. One of the few people unaffiliated with the Egyptian Coptic Orthodox Church to observe these women, Pieternella van Doorn-Harder tells about the nuns who eschew secular pursuits to devote their lives to this extraordinarily conservative faith. Through the actions of leading Coptic women, van Doorn-Harder portrays their rich traditions and beliefs, and she examines the forces that compel these women to embrace such a demanding monastic lifestyle. In depicting the nuns' daily lives, van Doorn-Harder describes their work, their role in the Coptic resurgence, their influence on the laity, and their position in the larger Islamic society. In presenting the potency of their spiritual lives, she attests to the vigor of their prayer, fasting, and devotions as well as to the abundance of their spiritual gifts, which include clairvoyance, intercession, and healing. Through van Doorn-Harder's compelling portrayal, the Coptic nuns emerge as women who enthusiastically welcome their increased opportunities for service and leadership yet remain anchored to orthodox traditions and Egyptian culture. -- Book jacket."	Pieternella van Doorn-Harder	BX137.3.D66 1995Core electrodynamics  	"Core Electrodynamics is written in concise form to engage the reader in the elegance of electrodynamics and special relativity, while retaining sufficient rigour for graduate study. From the basis of experiment the Maxwell equations and special relativity are first derived. The mathematical framework of generalized tensors is then introduced and the laws of mechanics, the Lorentz force and the Maxwell equations are cast in manifestly covariant form. This provides the basis for graduate study in field theory, high energy astrophysics and quantum electrodynamics.--Jacket."	Sandra C Chapman	QC670.C38 2000Discovering the great masters : the art lover's guide to understanding symbols in paintings 	"Discover the secret symbols and meaning behind 62 featured paintings in this unique volume. Ranging from Giotto's 14th-century painting of the Last Judgment to the 19th-century symbolist Gustave Moreau's depiction of Jupiter and Semele, each work has been selected for its own symbolic enigma. This book's innovative design pairs each painting with a page of die-cut windows that help the reader focus on specific aspects of each painting and features captions that highlight the most important symbols. Other works in this unique and fascinating book include Renaissance masterpieces such as Botticelli's Primavera and The Birth of Venus, Da Vinci's Mona Lisa and The Last Supper, and Michelangelo's The Last Judgment.--Jacket."	Paul Crenshaw	ND1145.C74 2009Love and intimate relationships : journeys of the heart 	"Drawing on the latest research in areas ranging from social psychology to biology and anthropology, combined with the experiences of many observers of human behavior, this volume provides a remarkable synthesis of theories and data that make the best attempt so far at explaining the mysteries of love, intimacy, and relationships. Using a style that draws students into the ongoing inquiry into how relationships work, Love and Intimate Relationships investigates the life cycle of relationships, influences that affect them, theories behind them, and ways to improve them. Dozens of stories from students; case examples; and over 150 tables, figures, and cartoons help bring the material alive. The multidisciplinary perspective of the textbook makes it ideal for courses in psychology, marriage and family studies, communications studies, and interpersonal relationships.--Jacket."	Norman M Brown	BF575.L8 B75 2000Firing back : against the tyranny of the market 2 	"Firing Back is a dissection of globalization's intellectual and cultural role throughout the world, and a discussion of the ways in which effective opposition to it can be mounted. Bourdieu examines Europe's potential as a counterweight to America's globalizing policy and discusses how intellectuals and those working in the cultural sphere can create meaningful alternatives. He also raises challenging questions about the depoliticization of the academic world, arguing that scholars can no longer maintain that their research is objective or value-free.--Jacket."	Pierre Bourdieu	HN377.B6813 2003After theory  	"For anyone forced to wrestle with the likes of Derrida, Barthes, and Kristeva during their college days, Terry Eagleton needs no introduction. His primer on literary theory was (and remains) an indispensable guide to the postmodern era in the humanities. Now he argues that the age of cultural theory has come to a close - and looks at what should follow. Tracing the rise and fall of postmodern ideas from the 1960s through the 1990s, Eagleton explores the factors that brought them to the forefront, and with characteristic wit, offers a candid assessment of the resultant gains and losses. As After Theory argues, rather than shy away from big questions and grand narratives, today's global political situation demands we pay attention to a range of topics that have largely gone ignored by the academy and public alike - from fundamentalism to objectivity, religion to ethics, being to non-being.--Jacket."	Terry Eagleton	HM621.E15 2003Classifying spaces of sporadic groups  	"For each of the 26 sporadic finite simple groups, the authors construct a 2-completed classifying space using a homotopy decomposition in terms of classifying spaces of suitable 2-local subgroups. This construction leads to an additive decomposition of the mod 2 group cohomology. The authors also summarize the current status of knowledge in the literature about the ring structure of the mod 2 cohomology of sporadic simple groups. This book begins with a fairly, extensive initial exposition, intended for non-experts of background material on the relevant constructions from algebraic topology, and on local geometries from group theory. The subsequent chapters then use those structures to develop the main results on individual sporadic groups.--Jacket."	D J Benson	QA177.B465 2008Hair & fashion  	"Hair and fashion are inextricably linked, signs of the times, reflective of the zeitgeist. Whether long or cropped, curly or straight, hairstyles are a potent force and, in combination with the latest fashions, create unforgettable images: from Vidal Sassoon's 'Five Point Cut' for Mary Quant, to the punk look of 1970s London to Sam McKnight's iconic styles for Princess Diana. Hair is fashion and fashion is hair, a fascinating symbiotic relationship which is investigated in detail in this timely book. Hair & Fashion considers both the historical development of this relationship and its contemporary significance, focusing on key moments such as the 1920s bob, the long-haired hippie look of the 1960s and the recent Hoxton Fin. The role of colour for hair and its associated cultural meanings have become increasingly important in the twenty-first century, an era in which most women have dyed their hair at least once, and Hair & Fashion also looks closely at the role of the blonde, brunette and redhead in popular culture. This text is supported by evocative images, including work by top photographers from groundbreaking fashion shoots, as well as specially commissioned shoots. Haircuts and hairstyles, as this book reveals, are no mere simple incursions into hair taming and conformity but a living, growing embodiment of cultural codes and meanings with the potential to turn you into a walking work of art.--Jacket."	Caroline Cox	GT2290.C69 2005Inference in hidden Markov models  	"Hidden Markov models have become a widely used class of statistical models with applications in diverse areas such as communications engineering, bioinformatics, finance and many more. This book is a comprehensive treatment of inference for hidden Markov models, including both algorithms and statistical theory. Topics range from filtering and smoothing of the hidden Markov chain to parameter estimation, Bayesian methods and estimation of the number of states. In a unified way the book covers both models with finite state spaces, which allow for exact algorithms for filtering, estimation etc., and models with continuous state spaces (also called state-space models) requiring approximate simulation-based algorithms that are also described in detail. This volume will suit anybody with an interest in inference for stochastic processes, and it will be useful for researchers and practitioners in areas such as statistics, signal processing, communications engineering, control theory, econometrics, finance and more. The algorithmic parts of the book do not require an advanced mathematical background, while the more theoretical parts require knowledge of probability theory at the measure-theoretical level.--BOOK JACKET."	Olivier Cappe_	QA274.7.C375 2005"Locke, language and early-modern philosophy  "	"In a powerful and original contribution to the history of ideas, Hannah Dawson explores the intense preoccupation with language in early-modern philosophy, and presents a groundbreaking analysis of John Locke's critique of words. By examining a broad sweep of pedagogical and philosophical material from antiquity to the late seventeenth century, Dr Dawson explains why language caused anxiety in writers such as Montaigne, Bacon, Descartes, Hobbes, Gassendi, Nicole, Spinoza, Pufendorf, Boyle, Malebranche and Locke, Locke, Language and Early-Modern Philosophy demonstrates that new developments in philosophy, in conjunction with weaknesses in linguistic theory, resulted in serious concerns about the capacity of words to refer to the world, the stability of meaning, and the duplicitous power of words themselves. Dr. Dawson shows that language so fixated all manner of early-modern authors because it was seen as an obstacle to knowledge and society. She thereby uncovers a novel story about the problem of language in philosophy, and in the process reshapes our understanding of early-modern beliefs about nature, epistemology, morality and politics.--Jacket."	Hannah Dawson	B1297.D39 2007Building Shanghai : the story of China's gateway 	"In Building Shanghai, the story of this trading city is revealed for the first time through its architecture, character, form and urban development. Extensively researched and illustrated, with both previously unseen archive material and new photography, the book draws together a comprehensive narrative of Shanghai's history. Stretching back to its ancient origins, it charts the impact of foreign occupation in the 19th and early 20th centuries and then the subsequent decades of virtual isolation under communism, as well as the background to the present burgeoning economy.--BOOK JACKET."	Edward Denison	NA1547.S5 D46 2006Sweet dreams : philosophical obstacles to a science of consciousness 	"In Consciousness Explained, Dennet proposed to replace the ubiquitous but bankrupt Cartesian Theater model with the Multiple Drafts Model. Drawing on psychology, cognitive neuroscience, and artificial intelligence, he asserted that human consciousness is essentially the mental software that reorganizes the functional architecture of the brain. In Sweet Dreams, he recasts the Multiple Drafts Model as the fame in the brain model, as a background against which to examine the philosophical issues that continue to bedevil the field.--Jacket."	D C Dennett	B945.D393 S94 2005"The power of place : geography, destiny, and globalization's rough landscape "	"In recent years a spate of books and articles have argued that the world today is so mobile, so interconnected, and so integrated that it is, in one prominent assessment, flat. But as Harm de Blij contends in The Power of Place, geography continues to hold billions of people in an unrelenting grip. We are all born into natural and cultural environments that shape what we become, individually and collectively. From our mother tongue to our father's faith, from medical risks to natural hazards, where we start our journey has much to do with our destiny, and thus with our chances of overcoming the obstacles in our way. Incorporating a series of revealing maps, de Blij focuses on the rough terrain of the world's human and environmental geography. The world's continuing partition into core and periphery, and apartheid-like obstructions to migration from the former to the latter, help explain why, in this age of globalization, less than 3 percent of mobals live in countries other than where they were born. Maps of language distribution suggest why English, the Latin of today may become as hybridized as its forerunner. The fateful map of religion casts a shadow of what he calls endarkenment over the future of the planet in a time of increasingly destructive weaponry.--Jacket."	Harm De Blij	GF41.D42 2009"Secrets of the old one : Einstein, 1905 "	"In Secrets of the Old One, Jeremy Bernstein sets out to make Albert Einstein's revolutionary contributions to modern physics comprehensible to general readers. Relying on nothing more advanced than high-school mathematics, he not only explains the science but evokes the scientific scene in which the young Einstein wrote his four revolutionary papers of 1905. Working very nearly alone and with apparently complete self-confidence, in spite of the skepticism or indifference of the physics establishment, the twenty-six-year-old Einstein managed to reveal hidden workings of The Old One--The name he sometimes used to refer to the deity. In the course of this one amazingly fruitful year, Bernstein shows us, he had set out the principles that would eventually turn the world of nineteenth-century physics on its head, and establish the course of physics for the twentieth century and beyond.--Jacket."	Jeremy Bernstein	QC173.6.B47 2006The portable theater : American literature & the nineteenth-century stage 	"In The Portable Theater, Alan Ackerman investigates the crucial importance of theater in the works of Whitman, Herman Melville, William Dean Howells, Louisa May Alcott, and Henry James. Whether as drama critics, playwrights, amateur actors, or simply avid theatergoers, these authors thought deeply about the theater and represented it in literature.--Jacket."	Alan L Ackerman	PS201.A28 1999The science and politics of global climate change : a guide to the debate 	"In this primer, Dessler and Parson combine their expertise in atmospheric science and public policy to help scientists, policy makers, and the public sort through the conflicting claims in the climate-change debate. The authors explain how scientific and policy debates work, summarize present scientific knowledge and uncertainty about climate change, and discuss the available policy options. Along the way, they explain why the debate is so confusing.--Jacket."	Andrew Emory Dessler	QC981.8.C5 D44 2006Troubling confessions : speaking guilt in law & literature 	"In Troubling Confessions, Peter Brooks juxtaposes law and literature to explore the kinds of truth we associate with confessions, and why we both rely on them and regard them with suspicion. For centuries the law has considered confession to be the queen of proofs, but it has also seen a need to regulate confessions and the circumstances under which they are made, as evidenced in the continuing debate over the Miranda decision. Western culture has made confessional speech a prime measure of authenticity, seeing it as an expression of selfhood that bears witness to personal truth. Yet the urge to confess may be motivated by inextricable layers of shame, guilt, self-loathing, and the desire to propitiate figures of authority. Literature has often understood the problematic nature of confession better than the law, as Brooks demonstrates in perceptive readings of legal cases set against works by Roussean, Dostoevsky, Joyce, and Camus, among others.--Jacket."	Peter Brooks	PN56.C67 B76 2000Hitler's war poets : literature and politics in the Third Reich 	"Jay W. Baird comes to grips with a theme that has been generally avoided by more than two generations of scholars and literary critics. He argues that German literature did not end with the advent of Hitler in 1933 only to be reborn after the fall of the Third Reich in 1945. Baird demonstrates how poets and writers responded enthusiastically to Hitler's summons to artists to create a cultural revolution commensurate with the political radicalism of the new state, thereby affirming the centrality of renewed German culture. Hitler's War Poets focuses on the lives and the works of six leading conservative, anticommunist, yet revolutionary authors who articulated the dream of World War I veterans to form a socially just national community. Tradition was redrawn by Rudolf G. Binding, while Josef Magnus Wehner dramatized the link from Flanders Fields and Verdun to the Third Reich. Hans Zoberlein exalted anti-Semitism, the Free Corps, and Nazi violence, providing the counterpoint to Edwin Erich Dwinger, who launched an unrelenting assault against Jewish-Bolshevism. The torch was passed to Eberhard Wolfgang Moller, the leading bard of the revolutionary young generation. But it was Kurt Eggers, a tank commander in the Fifth SS Panzer Division Viking, who delighted Hitler as he appeared as a prophet bearing the testament of Nietzsche's Zarathustra. Taken together, these authors offered the regime significant support. More importantly, theirs was a tragic legacy because they provided aesthetic accompaniment to Nazi barbarism and ultimately to the Holocaust.--Jacket."	Jay W Baird	PT553.B35 2008John Wilkes : the scandalous father of civil liberty 	"One of the most colorful figures in English political history, John Wilkes (1726-97) is remembered as the father of the British free press, defender of civil and political liberties, and hero to American colonists, who attended closely to his outspoken endorsements of liberty. Wilkes's political career was rancorous, involving duels, imprisonments in the Tower of London, and the Massacre of St. George's Fields, in which seven of his supporters were shot to death by government troops. He was equally famous for his private life - a confessed libertine, a member of the notorious hellfire club, and the author of what has been called the dirtiest poem in the English language. This biography draws a full portrait of John Wilkes from his childhood days through his heyday as a journalist and agitator, his defiance of government prosecutions for libel and obscenity, his fight against exclusion from Parliament, and his service as lord mayor of London on the eve of the American Revolution.--Jacket."	Arthur H Cash	DA512.W6 C37 2006"The double bond : Primo Levi, a biography "	"Primo Levi is one of the clearest and most hopeful writers we have. Starting with his great Auschwitz meditation, If This is a Man, he moved always from darkness to light, from suffering to understanding. But beneath his rational surface was a different world, which he hid from himself and from others all his life, and allowed to emerge only occasionally in poems and stories. These two levels of Levi are mirrored in the two levels of this extraordinary biography. On the first, we meet the people and places that shaped him: his troubled family; Turin, the severe and melancholy city he loved; his small, profoundly integrated Jewish community.--Jacket."	Carole Angier	PQ4872.E8 Z55 2002"Splendors of Islam : architecture, decoration, and design "	"Rather than limiting itself to an exclusively historical or chronological perspective, Ornament and Decoration in Islamic Architecture presents four successive approaches to its subject. The first part offers an overview of Islamic architecture, discussing the great diversity it contains. Dealing exclusively with techniques, the second part considers the materials most often used as well as the expertise of the builders and Muslim decorative artists, and the third part explores themes in Islamic ornamentation. Section four discusses aesthetics, and studies the relationship between the buildings - the structures or their architectonic components - and their ornamental coverings. Each of these topics is presented through a number of outstanding examples and then through comparable monuments from all over the Islamic world. For anyone in thrall to such great wonders as the Taj Mahal and the Alhambra, and for everyone interested in the world of Islam, this lavish publication will be indispensable.--Jacket."	Dominique Cle_venot	NA380.C5713 2000Relativism and monadic truth  	"Relativism has dominated many intellectual circles, past and present, but the twentieth century saw it banished to the fringes of mainstream analytic philosophy. Of late, however, it is making something of a comeback within that loosely configured tradition, a comeback that attempts to capitalize on some important ideas in foundational semantics. Relativism and Monadic Truth aims not merely to combat analytic relativism but also to combat the foundational ideas in semantics that led to its revival. Doing so requires a proper understanding of the significance of possible worlds semantics, an examination of the relation between truth and the flow of time, an account of putatively relevant data from attitude and speech act reporting, and a careful treatment of various operators. Throughout, Herman Cappelen and John Hawthorne contrast relativism with a view according to which the contents of thought and talk are propositions that instantiate the fundamental monadic properties of truth simpliciter and falsity simpliciter. Such propositions, they argue, are the semantic values of sentences (relative to context), the objects of illocutionary acts, and, unsurprisingly, the objects of propositional attitudes.--Jacket."	Herman Cappelen	BD221.C27 2009"Sisterhood questioned? : race, class and internationalism in the American and British women's movements, c.1880s-1970s "	"Sisterhood Questioned? assesses the nature and impact of divisions in the twentieth-century American and British women's movements. Until 1920, feminists had been united in the struggle for suffrage, and the sisterhood of women had been taken for granted. But after the end of the First World War, differences within and between the feminist movements became increasingly apparent, especially in the areas of race, class and internationalism. In this study, Christine Bolt sheds new light on these differences, which flourished in an era of political reaction, economic insecurity, polarizing nationalism and resurgent anti-feminism. The author reveals how the conflicts were seized upon and publicised by contemporaries, and how the activists themselves were forced to confront the increasingly complex tensions. In particular, the American and British women's movements grew further apart as British women became more conscious of American money, expectation of influence and opposition to the existence of Britain's empire. Drawing on a wide range of sources, the author demonstrates that women in the twentieth century continued to co-operate despite these divisions, and that feminist movements remained active right up to and beyond the reformist 1960s. This survey, including both new research and synthesis, provides the first close comparison of race, class and internationalism in the British and American women's movements during this period. It is invaluable reading for all those with an interest in American history, British history or Women's Studies.--Jacket."	Christine Bolt	HQ1426.B6837 2004Superfractals  	"Superfractals is the long-awaited successor to Fractals Everywhere, in which the power and beauty of iterated function systems (IFS) were introduced and applied to producing startling and original images that reflect complex structures found, for example, in nature. This provoked the question of whether there is deeper connection among topology, geometry, IFS and codes, on one hand, and biology, DNA and protein development on the other. Now, 20 years later, Barnsley brings the story up to date by explaining how IFS have developed in order to address this issue.--Jacket."	M F Barnsley	QA614.86.B375  2006Algebraic surfaces  	"The main aim of this book is to present a completely algebraic approach to the Enriques' classification of smooth projective surfaces defined over an algebraically closed field of arbitrary characteristic. This algebraic approach is one of the novelties in comparison to existing textbooks on the subject. In the new edition of this book, two chapters as well as exercises at the end of each chapter have been added. One new chapter deals with various applications of the Zariski decomposition of an effective divisor, and the other discusses some results on surfaces that were found after the publication of the first edition. For a reader who has completed a first course in algebraic geometry, the present book is completely self-contained. It can be used as a textbook for a graduate course on surfaces or as a resource for researchers and graduate students in algebraic geometry and related fields.--Jacket."	Lucian Ba_descu	QA571.B3213 2001The left at war  	"The terrorist attacks of 9/11 and Bush's belligerent response fractured the American left - partly by putting pressure on little-noticed fissures that had appeared a decade earlier. In a survey of the post-9/11 landscape, Michael Berube revisits and reinterprets the major intellectual conflicts and key players of the last two decades, covering the terrain of left debates in the US over foreign policy from the Balkans to 9/11 to Iraq, and over domestic policy from the culture wars of the 1990s to the question of what (if anything) is the matter with Kansas. He identifies two major camps in the left and lays out how their distinct and increasingly entrenched positions have redefined progressive politics. The Left of War brings the history of cultural studies to bear on the present crisis - a history now trivialized to the point at which few left intellectuals have any sense that merely cultural studies could have something substantial to offer to the world of international relations, debates over sovereignty and humanitarian intervention, matters of war and peace. The surprising results reveal an American left that is overly fond of a form of countercultural politics in which popular success is understood as a sign of political failure and political marginality is understood as a sign of moral virtue. The Left at War insists that in contrast to American countercultural traditions, the geopolitical history of cultural studies has much to teach us about internationalism - for in order to think globally, we need to think culturally, and in order to understand cultural conflict, we need to think globally. At a time when America finds itself at a critical crossroads, The Left of War is an indispensable guide to the divisions tearing the left apart.--Jacket."	Michael Berube	JZ1480.B48 2009"Beat sound, beat vision : the beat spirit and popular song "	"There have been books on the Beats; there have been books on the Beatles; but there has not been a book linking the two. The same is true of Jack Kerouac and Bob Dylan. Nor has there been a study of this range of writers and songwriters, in relation to a central vision. This, then, is the first sustained study of the spiritual revolution made by the Beats and of its impact on popular song. Beat sound, Beat vision will appeal to all devotees of the Beats and of the songwriters who emerged in the seminal decade of the 1960s. It will also prove useful to students of literature, pop music and religion.--Jacket."	Laurence Coupe	ML3477.C68 2007Discrete mathematics  	"This book provides a carefully structured, coherent, and comprehensive course of Discrete Mathematics. The clarity of the exposition, and the scope of the contents has made it a popular choice for students and teachers of mathematics, computer science, operational research, and related subjects. The topics covered include the elements of graph theory, combinatorics, number theory, the theory of algorithms, abstract algebra, and coding theory.--BOOK JACKET."	Norman Biggs	QA76.9.M35 B54 2002Singularities : landmarks on the pathways of life 	"This brief but deep book presents a sophisticated consideration of the key steps or bottlenecks that constrain the path to the origin and evolution of life. Christian de Duve, a pioneer of modern cell biology and Nobel laureate, gives in this book a contemporary response to Erwin Schrodinger's tremendously influential What Is Life?, which 60 years ago influenced many of the pioneers of molecular biology. Christian de Duve offers shrewd insights on the conditions that may have first called forth life and surveys the entire history of life, using as landmarks the many remarkable singularities along the way, such as the single ancestry of all living beings, the universal genetic code, and the monophyletic origin of eukaryotes.--Jacket."	Christian De Duve	QH325.D418 2005Women and achievement in nineteenth-century Europe  	"This major new history of European women's professional activities and organizational roles during the long nineteenth century examines what women could and could not do if they sought activity, purpose, or recognition beyond their own homes. Linda L. Clark surveys women's achievements in literature, art, music, theater, charity, education, medicine, law, and public administration, and examines the relationship between women's professional and philanthropic activity and the rise of feminist organizations. She shows that, despite continuing legal, cultural, and familial obstacles, thousands of ambitious women pursued professional activities for reasons that often combined economic need with aspirations to do meaningful work and gain public recognition. Detailing women's accomplishments from England to Russia, this unique survey enables readers to connect individual life stories with larger political, social, and economic contexts between 1789 and 1914, and is essential reading for students of modern European history, women's history, and gender studies.--Jacket."	Linda L Clark	HQ1587.C53 2008"A study of personal and cultural values : American, Japanese, and Vietnamese "	"This study analyzes American, Vietnamese, and Japanese personal values, attempting to understand how it can be that ethnographers find large differences in values between cultures, yet empirical surveys find relatively small differences in personal values between cultures. D'Andrade argues that people live in two distinct value worlds; the world of personal values and the world of institutionalized values. Assessing these value worlds, D'Andrade is able to explain the contrast between ethnography and survey data, while making vital commentary on American, Vietnamese, and Japanese culture. With insight and precision, this book contributes to the important debate that the Culture, Mind, and Society series has initiated.--Jacket."	Roy G D'Andrade	HM681.D35 2008Vertebrate ecophysiology : an introduction to its principles and applications 	"This textbook will provide an introduction to the study of ecophysiology for advanced undergraduates and postgraduate students, as well as for researchers in ecology, biodiversity and conservation.--Jacket."	S D Bradshaw	QL739.2.B725 2003Brick : a world history 	"This totally original architecture book - the first ever comprehensive study of brick - follows the story of brick from 5,000 B.C. to its use in building today, from the vast baths and basilicas of ancient Rome, through the wonders of Gothic brick in Germany, the majestic temples of Pagan and Mughal mosques in Iran, to its modern revival.--Jacket."	James W P Campbell	NA4120.C36 2003Women and beauty in Pompeii  	"This volume explores the nature of female beauty in ancient Rome by studying depictions of heavenly and earthly women in Pompeiian art. The first section discusses the care of the body: hygiene, cosmetics, coiffure, and perfume. The second section discusses adornments like jewelry and clothing, and explains how such items were distributed in the Roman world. Archaeology and art come together to offer numerous insights into this fascinating subject.--Jacket."	Antonio D'Ambrosio	NK7307.3 D3613 2001Narcotic culture : a history of drugs in China 	"To this day, the perception persists that China was a civilization defeated by imperialist Britain's most desirable trade commodity, opium - a drug that turned the Chinese into cadaverous addicts in the iron grip of dependence. Britain, in an effort to reverse the damage caused by opium addiction, launched its own version of the war on drugs, which lasted roughly sixty years, from 1880 to World War II and the beginning of communism. But, as Narcotic Culture brilliantly shows, the real scandal in Chinese history was not the expansion of the drug trade by Britain in the early nineteenth century, but rather the failure of the British to grasp the consequences of prohibition. In a stunning historical reversal, Frank Dikotter, Lars Laamann, and Zhou Xun tell this different story of the relationship between opium and the Chinese. They reveal that opium actually had few harmful effects on either health or longevity; in fact, it was prepared and appreciated in highly complex rituals with inbuilt constraints preventing excessive use. Opium was even used as a medicinal panacea in China before the availability of aspirin and penicillin. But as a result of the British effort to eradicate opium, the Chinese turned from the relatively benign use of that drug to heroin, morphine, cocaine, and countless other psychoactive substances. Narcotic Culture provides abundant evidence that the transition from a tolerated opium culture to a system of prohibition produced a  cure that was far worse than the disease.--Jacket."	Frank Diko_tter	HV5840.C6 D55 2004Urban economics : a global perspective 	"Urban Economics: A Global Perspective is essential reading for students of development economics, environmental studies, geography, real estate development and investment, and urban planning. Urban economics has developed from its origins in neo-classical economics to become a separate discipline, incorporating elements from demography, sociology, geography, real estate, planning and environmental science. In today's global society, the only way to study urban economics effectively is within a global context. This book sets out to place the issues of urban economics within a world focus.--Jacket."	Paul N Balchin	HT321.B353 2000Historical dictionary of Armenia  	"While other works on Armenian history require multiple volumes, the Historical Dictionary of Armenia captures a vast amount of Armenian history in just one - the A-to-Z arrangement offers the choice of reading selectively. By broadly covering the early history and focusing on more recent events, author Rouben Paul Adalian provides readers a way to unravel many of the complexities that arise in the study of this intricate country and its sometimes confusing history. The entries are related in topical cycles covering the whole span of Armenian history. Subjects such as cities, royal dynasties, political organizations, and national leaders can thus be seen through the common threads that bind them across centuries. The smaller sections are no less important, whether the list of acronyms, which allows for easier navigation of several passages, or the exhaustive bibliography, which points toward many other significant sources of information. Perhaps the most useful section is the fully detailed chronology, which gives readers a roadmap to the countless twists and turns that fill the pages of Armenian history.--Jacket."	Rouben Paul Adalian	DS173.A33 2002Fashion classics from Carlyle to Barthes  	"With so much focus on contemporary theory, it is easy to forget that the serious analysis of clothing and fashion has a long history. In fact, they have been the subject of intense cultural debate since the nineteenth century. Fashion Classics provides an interpretative overview of the groundbreaking and often idiosyncratic writings of eight theorists whose work has profoundly influenced the conceptual and theoretical basis of our contemporary understanding of clothes and the fashion system. Carter fully revives early 'fashion theorists' - some canonical and others less well known - and examines them in light of more recent work. From Carlyle's fantastical character Professor Teufelsdrockh, through the first Freudian analysis of clothes by J.C. Flugel, the pioneering work of Spencer, Veblen, Simmel, Kroeber, Laver and finally to Barthes' monumental work on the modern fashion system, this book explores and explains the foundations of fashion theory. Not only does it provide an historical outline of Western conceptions of clothes and fashion, but it also highlights how ideas intermix and build on one another.--Jacket."	Michael Carter	GT521.C37 2003Mathematics for economics and finance : methods and modelling 	"Without expecting any particular background of the reader, this book covers the following mathematical topics with frequent reference to applications in economics and finance, Functions, graphs and equations, recurrences (difference equations), differentiation, exponentials and logarithms, optimisation, partial differentiation, optimisation in several variables, vectors and matrices, linear equations, Lagrange multipliers, integration, first-order and second-order differential equations. Throughout, the stress is firmly on how the mathematics relates to economics, and this is illustrated with copious examples and exercises that will foster depth of understanding. Each chapter has three parts: the main text, where key concepts are developed; a section of further worked examples, where sample problems are fully solved; a summary of the chapter together with a selection of problems for the reader to attempt. For students of economics, mathematics, or both, this book provides an introduction to mathematical methods in economics and finance that will be welcomed for its clarity and breadth.--Jacket."	Martin Anthony	HB135.A62 1996Writing JFK : presidential rhetoric and the press in the Bay of Pigs crisis 	"Writing JFK: Presidential Rhetoric and the Press in the Bay of Pigs Crisis provides the full text of both speeches and the press conference, as well as Benson's analysis of what would come to be known as 'spin control.' He demonstrates how the speeches display the implicit collaboration of Kennedy with his speech writers and the press to create a depiction of Kennedy as a political and moral agent. A central feature of this book is Benson's exploration of 'the enormous power of the presidency to compel press restraint and to command the powers of publicity.'--Jacket."	Thomas W Benson	E842.1.B46 2004Written in water : the prose poems of Luis Cernuda 	"Written in Water combines Cernuda's two volumes of prose poems, Ocnos and Variaciones sobre tema mexicano (Variations on a Mexican Theme), into a single book as the author intended but never lived to see. Cernuda explores various scenes and moments and ideas from different periods of his life, beginning with childhood in Seville and proceeding through his exile to his first encounter with Mexico, where he found a comforting resemblance to his lost Andalucia. This book amounts to a kind of autobiography, the chronicle of a geographic and spiritual journey in the form of evocations, vignettes, and reflections.--Jacket."	Luis Cernuda	PQ6605.E7 A245 2004The line of beauty : a novel 	"20-year-old Nick Guest moves into an attic room in the Notting Hill home of the Feddens. An innocent in matters of politics and money, he becomes caught up in the Feddins' world: its grand parties, its surprising alliances, its parade of monsters both comic and menacing. In an era of endless possibility, he finds himself able to pursue his own private obssession with beauty--a prize as compelling to him as power and riches are to his friends."	Alan Hollinghurst	PR6058.O4467L56 2004"Earthquake nation : the cultural politics of Japanese seismicity, 1868-1930 "		Gregory K Clancey	DS822.3.C46 2006"Orientalist aesthetics : art, colonialism, and French North Africa, 1880-1930 "		Roger Benjamin	ND1460.E95 B46 2003"Imagine there's no country : poverty, inequality, and growth in the era of globalization "		Surjit S Bhalla	HC79.P6 B486 2002Bold science : seven scientists who are changing our world 		Ted Anton	Q171.A614 2000Sensory biographies : lives and deaths among Nepal's Yolmo Buddhists 		Robert R Desjarlais	BQ962.H35 D47 2003Martin Luther  		Martin Brecht	BR325.B69313 1985There's nothing I can do when I think of you late at night  		Naiqian Cao	PL2932.A683 D3613 2009Psychiatric tales : eleven graphic stories about mental illness 		Darryl Cunningham	RC454.4.C86 2011The sins of the nation and the ritual of apologies  		Danielle Celermajer	JC578.C456 2009"Convex functions : constructions, characterizations and counterexamples "		Jonathan M Borwein	QA331.5.B655 2010Essays on Kant  		Henry E Allison	B2798.A6324 2012Belgarath the sorcerer  	"A 7,000-year war between two gods. Its hero is Belgarath, a sorcerer on the side of one of the gods, his role being a sort of intelligence officer, deciphering prophecies and using his powers to ensure that they come true."	David Eddings	PS3555.D38B455 1995Becoming Madame Mao  	A biographical novel about the powerful wife of Mao Zedong.	Anchee Min	PS3563.I4614B43 2000Kafka  	"A biography of the novelist and short story writer explores the cultural and historical context of his fiction, as well as his poor relationship with his father."	Nicholas Murray	PT2621.A26Z7775 2004Whose body?  	A body wearing only a golden pince-nez turns up in the bath tub in the flat of a timid architect. Lord Peter's sporting blood is aroused as he beats Scotland Yard to the solution.	Dorothy L Sayers	PR6037.A95W4 1961The signifying eye : seeing Faulkner's art 	"A bold book, built of close readings, striking in its range and depth, The Signifying Eye shows Faulkner's art take shape in sweeping arcs of social, labor, and aesthetic history. Beginning with long-unpublished works (his childhood sketches and his hand-drawn and handillustrated play The Marionettes) and early novels (Mosquitoes and Sartoris), working through many major works (The Sound and the Fury, As I Lay Dying, Sanctuary, Light in August, and Absalom, Absalom!), and including more popular fictions (The Wild Palms and The Unvanquished) and late novels (notably Intruder in the Dust and The Town), The Signifying Eye reveals Faulkner's visual obsessions with artistic creation as his work is read next to Wharton, Cather, Toomer, and--in a tour de force intervention--Willem de Kooning. After coloring in southern literature as a reverse slave narrative, Waid's Eye locates Faulkner's fiction as the feminist hinge in a crucial parable of art that seeks abstraction through the burial of the race-defined mother. Race is seen through gender and sexuality while social fall is exposed (in Waid's phrase) as a coloring of class. Locating visual language that constitutes a pictorial vocabulary, The Signifying Eye delights in literacy as the oral meets the written and the abstract opens as a site to see narrative. Steeped in history, this book locates a heightened reality that goes beyond representation to bring Faulkner's novels, stories, and drawings into visible form through Whistler, Beardsley, Gorky, and de Kooning. Visionary and revisionist, Waid has painted the proverbial big picture, changing the fundamental way that both the making of modernism and the avant-garde will be seen--Provided by publisher.;Waid presents a major new reading of Faulkner, his art, and his literary genealogy. Her goal is to both reinscribe Faulkner in a tradition and to address the complex art found in his self-conscious riddles and signifying excesses. She begins by relocating his work within an American literary mainstream long dominated by women writers and writers of color. She then turns to the full spectrum of Faulkner's work in its relation to art and the artist: from the plethora of images connoting the crisis of creation and procreation to his use of pictorial forms, patterns of words, and word-shaped blank spaces to his intense engagement with abstract art, especially the paintings of Whistler and de Kooning. Waid argues that Faulkner had a pivotal influence on the origins of abstract expressionism and that his influence is seen most notably in the work of Willem de Kooning--Provided by publisher."	Candace Waid	PS3511.A86Z98525 2013A brief history of ancient Greek  	"A Brief History of Ancient Greek accessibly depicts the social history of this ancient language from its Indo-European roots to the present day. Explains key relationships between the language and literature of the Classical period (500 - 300 BC) Provides a social history of the language which transliterates and translates all Greek as appropriate, and is therefore accessible to readers who know little or no Greek Written in the framework of modern sociolinguistic theory, relating the development of Ancient Greek to its social and political context Reflects the latest thinking on subjects such as Koine Greek and the relationship between literary and vernacular Greek --Provided by publisher."	Stephen Colvin	PA227.C56 2014The seven storey mountain  	A celebration of Merton's spiritual autobiography is accompanied by an introduction from the editor and a note from Merton's biographer.	Thomas Merton	BX4705.M542A3 1999Swimming studies  	"A collection of autobiographical sketches that explore the worlds of competitive and recreational swimming. From her training for the Olympic trials as a teenager, to meditative swims in pools and oceans as an adult, Shapton contemplates the sport that has shaped her life."	Leanne Shapton	GV838.S47A3 2012Slide rule  	A collection of avant garde poetry by the California author.	Jen Hofer	PS3558.O343942S57 2002The letters of Robert Lowell  	"A collection of personal letters offers a glimpse inside the mind of a legendary man of letters, as well as a study of the evolution of Lowell's poetic work, personal life, manic-depressive illness, political sentiments, marriages, and friendships with other writers."	Robert Lowell	PS3523.O89Z48 2005bGet in trouble : stories 	A collection of short stories features tales of a young girl who plays caretaker to mysterious guests at the cottage behind her house and a former teen idol who becomes involved in a bizarre reality show.	Kelly Link	PS3612.I553A6 2015"The samurai, the mountie, and the cowboy : should America adopt the gun controls of other democracies? "	"A compelling look at how other democracies have attempted to solve their own gun problems, and what we can learn from these countries."	David B Kopel	HV7435.K66 1992"Revolutionary cycles in Chinese cinema, 1951-1979  "	"A comprehensive history of how the conflicts and balances of power in the Maoist revolutionary campaigns from 1951 to 1979 complicated and diversified the meanings of films, this book offers a discursive study of the development of early PRC cinema. Wang closely investigates how film artists, Communist Party authorities, cultural bureaucrats, critics, and audiences negotiated, competed, and struggled with each other for the power to decide how to use films and how their extensively different, agonistic, and antagonistic power strategies created an ever-changing discursive network of meaning in cinema. --Provided by publisher."	Zhuoyi Wang	PN1993.5.C4W29 2014A comprehensive Russian grammar  	"A Comprehensive Russian Grammar provides a guide to current Russian usage, taking many of its examples from the press and contemporary literary sources. The new edition draws on feedback from users of the first edition to build on its existing strengths. Sections dealing with all parts of speech have been modified or supplemented, with pronunciation, the noun, the adjective, the verb and the preposition most affected. There are entirely new substantial sections on word formation in the Russian noun. Elements of post-Soviet vocabulary have been introduced to reflect changes in usage. The Second Edition also contains an expanded bibliography and a glossary of linguistic terms.--Jacket."	Terence Wade	PG2106.W33 2000Practical organic synthesis : a student's guide 	"A concise, useful guide to good laboratory practice in the organic chemistry lab with hints and tips on successful organic synthesis."	Reinhart Keese	QD257.7.K4313 2006Women's literary feminism in twentieth-century China  	"A critical enquiry into the connections between emergent feminist ideologies in China & the production of 'modern' women's writing, from the demise of the last imperial dynasty to the founding of the People's Republic."	Amy D Dooling	PL2278.D66 2005Book of Hours  	"A decade after the sudden and tragic loss of the poet's father, we witness the unfolding of grief. Capturing the strange silence of bereavement, Kevin Young acknowledges, even celebrates, life's passages, his loss transformed and tempered in a sequence about the birth of his son. Ending this book of both birth and grief, the gorgeous title sequence brings acceptance, asking What good/are wishes if they aren't / used up? while understanding How to listen / to what's gone. Young's frank music speaks directly to the reader in these elemental poems, reminding us that the right words can both comfort us and enlarge our understanding of life's mysteries--From publisher description."	Kevin Young	PS3575.O798B66 2014Gay Berlin : birthplace of a modern identity 	"A detailed historical look at the surprising ways in which the uninhibited urban sexuality, sexual experimentation and medical advances of pre-Weimar Berlin created and molded our modern understanding of sexual orientation and gay identity. Long known for the friendly company of its warm brothers (German slang for men who love other men), Berlin, even before the turn of the twentieth-century, was a place where educators, activists, and medical professionals could explore and begin to educate both themselves and Europe about new and emerging sexual identities. From Karl Heinrich Ulrichs, a German activist described by some as the world's first openly gay man, to the world of Berlin's vast homosexual subcultures-tolerated and monitored by the police commissioner through the Department of Homosexuals and Blackmailers--To a major sex scandal that enraptured the daily newspapers and shook the court of Emperor William II, and on through some of the world's first sex reassignment surgeries, Beachy deftly guides the reader through past events and developments that continue to shape and influence the way we think of sexuality to this day. Gay Berlin is certain to be considered a foundational study--Provided by publisher.;A detailed historical look at the surprising ways in which the uninhibited urban sexuality, sexual experimentation and medical advances of pre-Weimar Berlin created and molded our modern understanding of sexual orientation and gay identity--Provided by publisher."	Robert Beachy	HQ76.2.G42B43 2014The dictionary of fashion history  	"A Dictionary of English Costume by C. Willett Cunnington. Phillis Cunnington and Charles Beard was originally published in 1960. A monumental achievement and encyclopaedic in scope, it was a comprehensive catalogue of fashion terms from the mid-medieval period up to 1900. It was reissued and updated several times, for the last time in 1976. For decades it has served as a bible for costume historians. The Dictionary of Fashion History completely updates and supplements the Cunningtons' landmark work to bring it up to the present day. Featuring additional terms and revised definitions, this new edition represents an essential reference for costume historians, students of fashion history, or anyone involved in creating period costume for the theatre, film or television. It is also fascinating reading for those simply interested in the subject. Clear, concise and meticulous in detail, this essential reference answers countless questions relating to the history of dress and ador generations to come. 'A welcome needed update of an early landmark dictionary on dress: a must have for all who care about the A to Z of fashion.' Joanne B. Eicher, Regents Professor Emerita at the University of Minnesola. 'Nearly forty years on and now hard to find save in reference libraries, the volume reappears as 'The Dictionary of Fashion History, ' skilfully enlarged and re-edited by Valerie Cumming, formerly Deputy Director of the Museum of London. Given fresh life and thorough coverage from 1900 through the present day, the new dictionary is once again ready to prove itself a trustworthy guide and companion to all those interested in the absorbing study of clothing.' Ann Saunders, Editor. 'Costume' (1967-2007)--Jacket."	Valerie Cumming	GT507.C86 2010"A clockwork orange : authoritative text, backgrounds and contexts criticism "	"A disturbing tale about good and evil and the meaning of human freedom, A Clockwork Orange has become a modern classic since its publication in 1962. Anthony Burgess's hero, the hedonistic and violent Alex, is our guide on a journey into a dystopian future where sociopathic youths rule the night and the authorities emulate their moral indifference in the pursuit of social order.;This Norton Critical Edition of A Clockwork Orange is based on the first British edition and includes the final chapter once omitted from the U.S. edition. It is accompanied by Mark Rawlinson's preface, explanatory annotations, and textual notes. A glossary of the Russian-origin terms that inspired Alex's vocabulary is provided to illustrate the process by which Burgess developed the novel's distinctive style.;Backgrounds and Contexts presents a wealth of materials chosen to enrich the reader's understanding of the historical roots of what has become an unforgettable work. Many are by Burgess himself, of including accounts of his motives for writing A Clockwork Orange; his exegesis of the novel's theological, political, and philosophical themes; and his provocative interventions in the debates over the British versus the American edition and over the cultural and social impacts of the film adaptation.;Criticism is divided into two sections, one addressing the novel and the other Stanley Kubrick's film version, which created a scandal and new audiences after 1972. Contemporary reviews of the novel are reprinted alongside a wide range of scholarly commentary, including, among others, David Lodge on the American reader; Andrew Biswell on composition and publication; Julie Carson on linguistic invention; Linovv Zinik on Burgess and the Russian language; Geoffrey Sharpless on education, masculinity, and violence; Shirley Chew on fictional form; Patrick Parrinder on dystopias; and Robbie B.H. Goh on language and social control. An analysis of the him adaptation is provided in reviews by Vincent Canby, Pauline Kael, and Christopher Ricks; in Philip Strick and Penelope Houston's interview with Kubrick; and in interpretive essays by Peter Hughes Jachimiak, Steven M. Cahn, Don Daniels, Alexander Walker, Philip French, Thomas Elsaesser, Tom Dewe Mathews, and Julian Petley. --Book Jacket."	Anthony Burgess	PR6052.U638C5 2011Duplicate keys : a novel 	"A divorced midwesterner living in a communal building in Manhattan discovers two of her friends murdered in her suddenly dangerous home, in a gripping tale of murder and treachery."	Jane Smiley	PS3569.M39D8 2004A vanished world  	"A documentary record of the lives of the Jews of Eastern Europe 1934-1939, with commentary by the photographer."	Roman Vishniac	DS135.E8V57 1983Hans Brinker : or The silver skates 	"A Dutch brother and sister work toward two goals: finding the doctor who can restore their father's memory, and winning the competition for the silver skates."	Mary Mapes Dodge	PZ7.D664Han 1917Swans of the Kremlin : ballet and power in Soviet Russia 	A fascinating glimpse at the collision of art and politics during the first fifty years of the Soviet period. Ezrahi shows how the producers and performers of Russia's two major ballet troupes quietly but effectively resisted Soviet cultural hegemony during this period--Provided by publisher.	Christina Ezrahi	GV1663.E97 2012Canaan : a novel 	"A fictional portrait of post-Civil War America ranges from Reconstruction-era Richmond, to the trading floors of Wall Street, to the Great Plains, where an arrogant George Custer faces a fateful confrontation with Sitting Bull."	Donald McCaig	PS3563.A2555C36 2007The field guide to typography : typefaces in the urban landscape 	"A field guide to typefaces. Includes interviews with designers such as Wayne Thompson, Freda Sack, Henrik Kubel, Jason Smith, and Frida Larios."	Peter Dawson	Z250.A2D39 2013The theoretical minimum : what you need to know to start doing physics 	A first course in physics and associated math for the ardent amateur ... beginning with classical mechanics--Dust jacket flap.	Leonard Susskind	QC24.5.S87 2013Simon Wiesenthal : the life and legends 	"A fully documented profile of the Nazi hunter famous for his unrelenting pursuit of Nazi criminals draws on extensive international records to discuss such topics as his role in capturing Adolf Eichmann, rivalry with Elie Wiesel, and infamy later in life."	Tom Segev	DS135.A93W537 2010Acting : an International encyclopedia 	"A groundbreaking, cross-cultural reference work exploring the diversity of expression found in rituals, festivals, and performances, uncovering acting techniques and practices from around the world. Annotation. Expanding beyond the conventional western concept of theater, the reference explores current and historical rituals, festivals, and performances from countries and cultures around the world; contributions of women to acting and the performing arts; and cinema and the film industry. The cross-referencing is extensive, and entry- specific references augment the general bibliography."	Beth Osnes	PN2035.O84 2001Places rated almanac  	A guide to 354 metropolitan areas in North America.	David Savageau	HN60.S284 2000The snow queen  	"A heartbroken man turns to religion after seeing a vision in the sky above Central Park while his musician brother takes drugs he thinks will help him compose a ballad for his seriously ill wife. This novel begins with a vision. It's November 2004. Barrett Meeks, having lost love yet again, is walking through Central Park when he is inspired to look up at the sky; there he sees a pale, translucent light that seems to regard him in a distinctly godlike way. Barrett doesn't believe in visions, or in God, but he can't deny what he's seen. At the same time, in the not-quite-gentrified Bushwick neighborhood of Brooklyn, Tyler, Barrett's older brother, a struggling musician, is trying and failing to write a wedding song for Beth, his wife-to-be, who is seriously ill. Tyler is determined to write a song that will be not merely a sentimental ballad but an enduring expression of love. Barrett, haunted by the light, turns unexpectedly to religion. Tyler grows increasingly convinced that only drugs can release his creative powers. Beth tries to face mortality with as much courage as she can summon. The author follows the Meeks brothers as each travels down a different path in his search for transcendence. He demonstrates a profound empathy for his conflicted characters and a singular understanding of what lies at the core of the human soul."	Michael Cunningham	PS3553.U484S62 2014Books on fire : the destruction of libraries throughout history 	A historical survey of the destruction of knowledge from ancient Babylon and China to modern times--Provided by publisher.	Lucien X Polastron	Z721.P5613 2007"The birth of France : warriors, bishops, and long-haired kings "	A history of the Teutonic warrior chieftains who were the first kings of France from roughly the fifth century to the eighth century.	Katharine Scherman	DC64.S34 1987Ancient South Arabia : from the Queen of Sheba to the advent of Islam 	"A introduction to the geography, history, anthropology, economics, politics, and art of the area of the Arabian peninsula that is now known as the country of Yemen. Schippman (U. of Gottingen) relies heavily on archaeological information for his reconstruction of the life of this region and this seems to be where his real interest lies, although it should be noted that there is little in the historical record concerning the area before the advent of Islam and that much of what is known has come from the work of archaeologists.http://books.google.com/books?id=L0K63L93cPcC."	Klaus Schippmann	DS247.A147S35 2001"Becoming an architect in Renaissance Italy : art, science and the career of Baldassarre Peruzzi "	"A leading architect of the Italian Renaissance, Baldassarre Peruzzi (1481-1536) has, until now, been a little-known, enigmatic figure. A paucity of biographical documentation and a modest number of surviving buildings, coupled with an undeservedly critical assessment by Giorgio Vasari (1511-1574), have long cast Peruzzi's career in shadow. With Becoming an Architect in Renaissance Italy, Ann C. Huppert taps into a known, but neglected resource--Peruzzi's autograph drawings--and reveals the full scope and artistic mastery of Peruzzi's work and its enduring influence. Extraordinary not only in their beauty and design inventiveness, but also in the varied representational techniques and practical mathematics noted within them, Peruzzi's drawings record an evolving artistic process. Reassessing his architectural masterworks, Huppert also explores lesser-known work: his studies of Roman antiquity, realized paintings and unrealized buildings, as well as engineering projects. Huppert shows that Peruzzi anticipated modern representational methods and scientific approaches in architecture, and pinpoints the moment when architecture began to emerge as a profession distinct from the other arts--Provided by publisher."	Ann C Huppert	NA1123.P4H87 2015Eudemian ethics  	"A major treatise on moral philosophy by Aristotle, this is the first time the Eudemian Ethics has been published in its entirety in any modern language. Equally important, the volume has been translated by Sir Anthony Kenny, one of Britain's most distinguished academics and philosophers, and a leading authority on Aristotle. In The Eudemian Ethics, Aristotle explores the factors that make life worth living. He considers the role of happiness, and what happiness consists of, and he analyzes various aspects that contribute to it: human agency, the relation between action and virtue, and the concept of virtue itself. Aristotle classifies and examines the various moral and intellectual virtues, and he considers the roles of friendship and pleasure in a life well lived. Kenny's superb translation is accompanied by a fine introduction, in which he highlights the similarities and differences between this book and the better-known Nicomachean Ethics, with which it holds three books in common. There are also many useful explanatory notes which clarify the arguments and allusions that Aristotle makes--Publisher."	 Aristotle.	B422.A5K45 2011Men we reaped : a memoir 	"A memoir that examines rural poverty and the lingering strains of racism in the South by the author of Salvage the bones.;In five years, Jesmyn Ward lost five young men in her life: to drugs, accidents, suicide, and the bad luck that can follow people who live in poverty, particularly black men. Dealing with these losses, one after another, made Jesmyn ask the question: Why? And as she began to write about the experience of living through all the dying, she realized the truth. Her brother and her friends all died because of who they were and where they were from, because they lived with a history of racism and economic struggle that fostered drug addiction and the dissolution of family and relationships."	Jesmyn Ward	PS3623.A7323Z46 2013"Linguae Vasconum primitiae = The first fruits of the Basque language, 1545 "	"A modern bilingual edition of the first known book printed in the Basque language, in 1545 in Bordeaux. This edition contains a reprint of the original 1545 publication, a transcription of its content, an English translation, and introductory studies of Bernard Extepare and his poetry in the context of the history of Basque literature."	Bernat Dechepare	PH5339.D4L513 2012Okonomiyaki  	"A multi-sensory work inspired by okonomiyaki, a fried pancake which is a staple of Japanese cuisine. Tawada's text explores misconceptions about Japanese culture, while Scha_pers's illustrations present her interpretation of sauce patterns that are created by the various sauces which are traditionally poured on the pancake in preparation for eating. The two additional leaves contain Japanese calligraphy similar to signs hung outside restaurants in which okonomiyaki is served. Their paper portfolio emits an odor evocative of an okonomiyaki restaurant. Cf. Artist's description."	Yo_ko Tawada	N7433.4.S32O46 2010A Mystical Philosophy : Transcendence and Immanence in the Works of Virginia Woolf and Iris Murdoch 	"A Mystical Philosophy contributes to the contemporary resurgence of interest in Spirituality, but from a new direction. Revealing, in an original and provocative study, the mystical contents of the works of famous atheists Virginia Woolf and Iris Murdoch, Donna Lazenby shows how these thinkers' refusal to construe worldviews on available reductive models brought them to offer radically alternative pictures of life which maintain its mysteriousness, and promote a mystical way of knowing. This book makes a daring claim: that a return to 'pure' experience is sufficient to demonstrate, for the contemporary imagination, the irreducibly mystical contents of everyday life: and, therefore, the enduring appropriateness of theological conversations. Lazenby reveals how these atheist thinkers offer crucial spiritual-intellectual advice for our times: a warning against reductive scientific and philosophical models that impoverish our understanding of our selves and the world, and a powerful endorsement of ways of knowing that give art, and a restored concept of contemplation, their consummative place--Provided by publisher.;A provocative re-reading of famous atheists Irish Murdoch and Virginia Woolf as profoundly mystical thinkers--Provided by publisher."	Donna J Lazenby	PR6045.O72Z77286 2014The lady matador's hotel : a novel 	A novel about the intertwining lives of the denizens of a hotel in an unnamed Latin American country in the midst of political turmoil.	Cristina Garci_a	PS3557.A66L33 2010Kafka's curse  	"A novel on the lot of Indians in apartheid-era South Africa, shunned by blacks and whites alike. The novel looks at what happened to them when they strayed from their race group, the protagonists including a Muslim who takes the identity of a Jew to pass as white and pays for it with his life."	Achmat Dangor	PR9369.3.D26K33 1999"Political manhood : red bloods, mollycoddles, & the politics of progressive era reform "	"A paradigm of ineffectuality and weakness, the mollycoddle was all inner life, whereas his opposite, the red blood, was a man of action. Kevin P. Murphy reveals how the popular ideals of American masculinity coalesced around these two distinct categories. Because of its similarity to the emergent homosexual type, the mollycoddle became a powerful rhetorical figure, often used to marginalize and stigmatize certain political actors. Issues of masculinity not only penetrated the realm of the elite, however, Murphy's history follows the redefinition of manhood across a variety of classes, especially in the work of late nineteenth-century reformers, who trumpeted the virility of the laboring classes. By highlighting this cross-class appropriation, Murphy challenges the oppositional model commonly used to characterize the relationship between political machines and social and municipal reformers at the rum of the twentieth century. He also revolutionizes our understanding of the gendered and sexual meanings attached to political and ideological positions of the Progressive Era.--BOOK JACKET."	Kevin P Murphy	HQ1090.3.M867 2008An army of lovers  	"A picaresque experimental novel, An Army of Lovers is the story of Demented Panda and Koki, two friends trying to be political poets in a time when poetry has lost its ability to effect social change. Their collaboration unleashes a torrent of consumerist excess that morphs into a Gitmo-style torture camp. Our heroes struggle to avoid complicity in the spectacle, yet are unable to overcome it through poetry. Instead it invades their bodies, manifesting itself through blisters and other symptoms, as the poets attempt to move beyond this impasse. Absurdist, fantastic, conceptual, Army is a novel for the Occupy generation--Provided by publisher."	Juliana Spahr	PS3569.P3356A76 2013And short the season : poems 	"A poet of piercing revelations and arresting imagery, Kumin is 'unforgettable, indispensable' (New York Times Book Review). In And Short the Season she muses on mortality: her own and that of the earth. Always deeply personal, always political, these poems blend myth and modernity, fecundity and death, and the violence and tenderness of humankind.--Publisher's description."	Maxine Kumin	PS3521.U638A6 2014A poisoned chalice  	"A Poisoned Chalice tells the story of a long-forgotten criminal case: the poisoning of the communion wine in Zurich's main cathedral in 1776. The story is riveting and mysterious, full of bizarre twists and colorful characters - an anti-clerical gravedigger, a hard-drinking drifter, a defrocked minister - who come to life in a series of dramatic criminal trials. But it is also far more than just a good story. In the wider world of German-speaking Europe, writes Jeffrey Freedman, the affair became a cause celebre, the object of a lively public debate that focused on an issue much on the minds of intellectuals in the age of Enlightenment: the problem of evil.;Contemporaries were unable to ascribe any rational motive to an attempt to poison hundreds of worshippers. Such a crime pointed beyond reason to moral depravity so terrifying it seemed diabolic. By following contemporaries as they struggled to comprehend an act of inscrutable evil, this book brings to life a key episode in the history of the German Enlightenment - an episode in which the Enlightenment was forced to interrogate the very limits of reason itself.--Jacket."	Jeffrey Freedman	B2621.F74 2002The President's counselor : the rise to power of Alberto Gonzales 	"A portrait of presidential advisor and U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales describes his early life, success in the legal profession, and rise to power in American politics, examining his key influence on George W. Bush and his policy decisions."	Bill Minutaglio	KF363.G66M56 2006The lost chronicles of the Maya kings  	"A portrait of the Mayan world argues that there were actually two empires, a northern and southern, beset with religious conflicts, warfare, and political struggles; and that overpopulation and famine led to the sudden collapse of Mayan civilization."	David Drew	F1435.D74 1999"The romance of Tristan and, the tale of Tristan's madness"	"A prose translation of one the earliest versions of the tragic legend of Tristan and Yseult, along with an anonymous fragment concerning the episode of Tristan's madness."	 Be_roul	PQ1537.A36The book of the pharaohs  	A reference guide to the pharaohs of Egypt that provides information on all the known divine rulers of the country and their regions.	Pascal Vernus	DT58.V4713 2003Buildings of Hawaii  	"A sampling of Hawaiian buildings included in this volume, clockwise from top (photographs by Augie Salbosa): Byodo-In Temple, Royal Mausoleum (Mauna Ala), Honolulu Academy of Arts, all on Oahu, and Hamakua Joda Mission on Hawaii.;Buildings of the United States is a series of books on American architecture compiled and written on a state-by-state basis. The primary objective of the series is to identify and celebrate the rich cultural, economic, and geographical diversity of the United States as it is reflected in the architecture of each state. The series has been commissioned by the Society of Architectural Historians, an organization dedicated to the study, interpretation, and preservation of the built environment throughout the world."	Don Hibbard	NA730.H3H53 2011A frolic of his own : a novel 	"A satirically jaundiced view of modern law and justice chronicles the fortunes of Oscar Crease, a middle-aged college instructor and playwright, as he sues a Hollywood producer for pirating a play."	William Gaddis	PS3557.A28F76 1995The Chichester Psalms of Leonard Bernstein  	"A secular work with sacred Hebrew texts and a hint of Broadway--Commissioned by an Anglican cleric for a British choral festival to be held in a medieval cathedral and written by a popular American composer of Jewish heritage in his own eclectic style--would certainly attract widespread interest. In fact, since its 1965 premiere, Chichester Psalms by Leonard Bernstein has taken its place in the concert repertory as the most frequently performed piece of twentieth-century American choral music. In his thoughful study Professor Paul R. Laird traces the unusual genesis of the work from sketches conceived for other projects and describes in detail the musical content of the final form of its three movements. Published for the first time with the author's commentary are the complete correspondence between Dean Walter Hussey and the composer, a survey of published criticism that greeted its first performances on both sides of the Atlantic, and an accounting of emendations to two performance scores in Bernstein's own hand. --Book Jacket."	Paul R Laird	ML410.B566L35 2010Herodotus and the Persian Wars  	"A series of texts in Classical Civilisation, encompassing literary, historical and philosophical subjects. Herodotus, writing in the second half of the 5th century BC, is the first historian of western civilisation. His narrative tells of the expansion of the Persian Empire in the 6th and 5th centuries BC and the wars between Greece and Persia in 490 and 480 BC. Some of the most famous battles of history, Marathon, Thermopylae and Salamis, are dramatically described in his work. However, Herodotus greatness lies not only in the momentous nature of the events he describes. His purpose is to explain why the wars happened and his sophisticated and complex answer encompasses the relation of gods to men, the nature of different peoples and the character of individuals.;Herodotus says that he will write equally about the two sides of the war, and his narrative of the clash between East and West, between democracy and autocracy, has striking, and disturbing, modern resonances.--Jacket."	John S Claughton	DF225.C55 2008A gap in nature : discovering the world's extinct animals 	A short description of the extinct animal along with a color drawing.	Tim F Flannery	QL88.F54 2001Drug war zone : frontline dispatches from the streets of El Paso and Jua_rez 	"A social science study of the Mexican drug war in the early twenty-first century, focusing on people and events along the border of El Paso, Texas, and Ciudad Jua_rez, Chihuahua."	Howard Campbell	HV5831.M46C36 2009"Post-westerns : cinema, region, West "	A study of post-1945 contemporary Western films within the social and cultural context of western studies--Provided by publisher.	Neil Campbell	PN1995.9.W4C325 2013"Transnational America : feminisms, diasporas, neoliberalisms "	A study of South Asian Americans which views both their identity & that of America as constructed transnationally between the U.S. & India.	Inderpal Grewal	HM1271.G74 2005"Otto Ege's manuscripts : a study of Ege's manuscript collections, portfolios, and retail trade : with a comprehensive handlist of manuscripts collected or sold "	A study of the 20th century book dealer who cut up medieval manuscripts and incunabula to sell individual leaves to collectors and in illustrative series. Includes lists of the works he disbound to sell in a series of portfolios illustrating aspects of the history of the book.	Scott Gwara	Z110.C58G83 2013A forest of time : American Indian ways of history 	A study of the many different ways Native American groups have defined their histories for their own purposes.	Peter Nabokov	E98.F6N33 2002War is a force that gives us meaning  	"A veteran New York Times war correspondent presents a thought-provoking reflection on how life is lived during times of war, and tackles the ugly truths about humanity's love affair with war, offering a sophisticated, intelligent meditation on the subject that is also gritty, powerful, and unforgettable. Hedges, a long-time foreign correspondent for </The New York Times/>, draws on his own experiences in Latin America, Bosnia, and elsewhere; treatments of war in literature; and historical events to examine the way human beings experience war and to suggest that war gives rise to dangerous myths of the nobility of the cause. He argues that there are very few people who are not susceptible to the allure of war, but that, in the end, war becomes a contest between </eros/> and </thanatos/>, in which </thanatos/> comes out on top all too often. Annotation c. Book News, Inc., Portland, OR (booknews.com)."	Chris Hedges	U21.2.H43 2002Cancio_n de Rachel  	"A vida de una mujer, Rachel, la vedette que hizo delirar las noches del afamado Teatro Alhambra en los anos de la belle epoque cubana.--Cover."	Miguel Barnet	PQ7390.B3C3 1996Central Park : an American masterpiece 	"A visual tribute to America's first public park documents its artistic and social history; identifies the roles of its designers; and provides views, original plans and drawings, and modern photographs of the park's restored areas."	Sara Cedar Miller	F128.65.C3M55 2003Wired for innovation : how information technology is reshaping the economy 	"A wave of business innovation is driving the productivity resurgence in the U.S. economy. In Wired for Innovation, Erik Brynjolfsson and Adam Saunders describe how information technology directly or indirectly created this productivity explosion, reversing decades of slow growth. They argue that the companies with the highest level of returns to their technology investment are doing more than just buying technology; they are inventing new forms of organizational capital to become digital organizations. These innovations include a cluster of organizational and business-process changes, including broader sharing of information, decentralized decision-making, linking pay and promotions to performance, pruning of non-core products and processes, and greater investments in training and education. Brynjolfsson and Saunders go on to examine the real sources of value in the emerging information economy, including intangible inputs and outputs that have defied traditional metrics. For instance, intangible organizational capital is not directly observable on a balance sheet yet amounts to trillions of dollars of value. Similarly, such nonmarket transactions of information goods as Google searches or views of Wikipedia articles are an increasingly large share of the economy yet virtually invisible in the GDP statistics."	Erik Brynjolfsson	HC79.T4B79 2010Kabir : ecstatic poems 	"A weaver by trade but a poet-singer by calling, Kabir lived in fifteenth-century India. His philosophy incorporated various beliefs of both Muslims and Hindus and later became one of the major inspirations behind Sikhism. Like the work of the poet Rumi, Kabir's verse continues to enlighten and entertain readers the world over. Robert Bly has made these incredible poems more accessible than ever to the modern reader. The power of Kabir's words comes from his passion - and also from his humor. He is at once irreverent toward authority and amazed by divinity. He demands that readers live for themselves. In the tradition of ecstatic poetry, Kabir writes of bodily delights and of choices made by the heart, not the mind.--Jacket."	Robert Bly	PS3552.L9K25 2004The low road  	A young entrepreneur sets out on a quest for wealth with priceless ambition and a purse of gold. A fable of free market economics and cut-throat capitalism.	Bruce Norris	PS3614.O768L69 2013Religion in American life : a short history 	"Accessible and wide-ranging, Religion in American Life illuminates the rich spiritual heritage central to nearly every event in American history. Jon Butler begins by describing the state of religious affairs in both the Old and New Worlds on the eve of colonization. He traces the progress of religion in the colonies through the time of the American Revolution, covering all the religious groups in the colonies: Protestants, Jews, Catholics, as well as the unique religious experiences of Native Americans and African Americans. Grant Wacker continues the story with a fascinating look at the ever-shifting religious landscape of 19th-century America. He focuses on the rapid growth of evangelical Protestants-Methodists, Presbyterians, Baptists, and others-and their competition for dominance over religions such as Catholicism and Judaism, which continued to increase with large immigrant arrivals from Ireland, Eastern Europe, and other countries. The 20th century saw massive cultural changes. Randall Balmer discusses the effects industrialization, modernization, and secularization had on new and established religions. He examines Protestants, Hindus, Jews, New Age believers, Mormons, Buddhists, Roman Catholics, and many more, providing a clear look into the kaleidoscope of religious belief in modern-day America."	Jon Butler	BL2525.B88 2003My life as a fake : a novel 	"Accompanying the arrogant poet, John Slater, to Malaysia, London editor Sarah Wode-Douglass finds herself obsessively drawn to a mysterious manuscript that bears a legacy of fraud and danger."	Peter Carey	PR9619.3.C36M9 2003Saint Augustine's sin  	"According to Garry Wills, most readers of Augustine interpret his meditation on sin in the Confessiones as an indication of his obsession with sex. But as Wills suggests in his discussion of book two of Augustine's influential work, sexual transgression is not Augustine's main focus as he reflects on the nature of human sinfulness. Instead, Augustine seeks to understand man's power to transgress-how it is that good creatures can choose evil deeds. He describes his own shame after participating in a minor theft as a teenager and interprets this act-and all other acts of sin-in light of the three founding sins of the Bible: the fallen angels' rebellion, the temptation of Adam, and Cain's fratricide."	 Augustine	BR65.A6E5 2003bActivity and participation in late antique and early Christian thought  	"Activity and Participation in Late Antique and Early Christian Thought is an investigation into two basic concepts of ancient pagan and Christian thought. The study examines how activity in Christian thought is connected with the topic of participation: for the lower levels of being to participate in the higher means to receive the divine activity into their own ontological constitution. Torstein Theodor Tollefsen sets a detailed discussion of the work of church fathers Gregory of Nyssa, Dionysius the Areopagite, Maximus the Confessor, and Gregory Palamas in the context of earlier trends in Aristotelian and Neoplatonist philosophy. His concern is to highlight how the Church Fathers thought energeia (i.e. activity or energy) is manifested as divine activity in the eternal constitution of the Trinity, the creation of the cosmos, the Incarnation of Christ, and in salvation understood as deification.--Publisher's description."	Torstein Tollefsen	BT103.T65 2012"Actor training the Laban way : an integrated approach to voice, speech, and movement "	"Actors can improve their skills and become more expressive in body and voice by following the teachings of the author of this book, one of the most important movement theorists of the twentieth century. This in depth, fully illustrated guide offers a groundbreaking approach to understanding physical and vocal movement that will enable readers to discover how to maximize their potential. Packed with practical exercises for individuals, partners, and group work, this book integrates voice, speech, and movement. Exercises for breath support, tone, range, articulation, dynamic alignment, balance, flexibility, strength, and stamina, as well as building relationships, this book is essential reading for all serious actors, acting teachers, and students."	Barbara Adrian	PN2071.M6A37 2008Break through : from the death of environmentalism to the politics of possibility 	"Advocating a new approach to the problem of global warming, the managing directors of American Environics examine the failures of environmentalism and offer a manifesto for political change that is capable of dealing with challenges confronting American society."	Ted Nordhaus	GE197.N67 2007Painting the sacred in the age of Romanticism  	"After a century of Rationalist skepticism and political upheaval, the nineteenth century awakened to a fierce battle between the forces of secularization and the crusaders of a Christian revival. From this battlefield arose an art movement that would become the torchbearer of a new religious art: Nazarenism. From its inception in the Lukasbund of 1809, this art was controversial. It nonetheless succeeded in becoming a lingua franca in religious circles throughout Europe, America, and the world at large. This is the first major study of the evolution, structure, and conceptual complexity of this archetypically nineteenth-century language of belief. The Nazarene quest for a modern religious idiom evolved around a return to pre-modern forms of biblical exegesis and the adaptation of traditional systems of iconography. Reflecting the era's historicist sensibility as much as the general revival of orthodoxy in the various Christian denominations, the Nazarenes responded with great acumen to pressing contemporary concerns. Consequently, the artists did not simply revive Christian iconography, but rather reconceptualized what it could do and say. This creativity and flexibility enabled them to intervene forcefully in key debates of post-revolutionary European society: the function of eroticism in a Christian life, the role of women and the social question, devotional practice and the nature of the Church, childhood education and bible study, and the burning issue of anti-Judaism and modern anti-Semitism. What makes Nazarene art essentially Romantic is the meditation on the conditions of art-making inscribed into their appropriation and reinvention of artistic tradition. Far from being a reactionary move, this self-reflexivity expresses the modernity of Nazarene art. This study explores Nazarenism in a series of detailed excavations of central works in the Nazarene corpus produced between 1808 and the 1860s. The result is a book about the possibility of religious meaning in modern art. It will reinvigorate scholarship in the fields of nineteenth-century art, romanticism, and religion and the arts, and restore the Nazarene artists to their rightful place at the forefront of romantic art history.--Publisher's description."	Cordula Grewe	ND1432.E85G74 2009The law of dreams : a novel 	"After witnessing the deaths of his family, Fergus O'Brien leaves Ireland in search of a new life."	Peter Behrens	PR9199.3.B3769L39 2006Out of now : the lifeworks of Tehching Hsieh 	"After years of near-invisibility, the artist Tehching Hsieh has now collaborated with the writer and curator Adrian Heathfield to create this meticulous and visually arresting record of the complete body of his artworks from 1978-1999.' 'Out of Now is also the first extensive critical account of these remarkable works. Heathfield's astute meditation is complemented by an intensive exchange with the artists and a set of letters from leading art theorists Peggy Phelan and Carol Becker, and the artists Marina Abramovic, Santiago Sierra, and Tim Etchells.' 'This volume is essential reading for all those interested in recent art history, conceptual art, visual culture, and the practice of performance'--Jacket."	Adrian Heathfield	NX583.Z9H6634 2009Alien ocean : anthropological voyages in microbial seas 	"Alien Ocean immerses readers in worlds being newly explored by marine biologists: the deep sea, the microscopic realm, and oceans beyond national boundaries. Working alongside scientists on ships at sea, in coastal research labs, and at undersea volcanoes, Stefan Helmreich charts how revolutions in genomics, bioinformatics, and remote sensing have pressed marine bioligists to view the sea as animated by its smallest inhabitants: marine microbes. Thriving in astonishingly extreme conditions, such microbes have become key figures in scientific and public debates about the origin of life, climate change, biotechnology, and even the possibility of life on other worlds.--Cover."	Stefan Helmreich	QR106.H45 2009Black wings & blind angels : poems 	"Alive with the emotional honesty and intellectual force for which Sapphire has been admired as both a writer and a performance artist, these forty-seven poems take us into America's past and present, bearing testimony to the black experience in a country fragmented by war, racism, and urban and domestic violence. They tell the story of a search for the complicated spiritual path back to one's roots, a story of family, race, and self-transformation.--Jacket."	 Sapphire	PS3569.A63B58 1999Al-Jazeera : how the free Arab news network scooped the world and changed the Middle East 	"Al-Jazeera, the independent all-Arab television news network based in Qatar, has emerged as ambassador for the Arab world in the events following the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the United States and the war waged in Afghanistan. More than a channel reporting the news as it happens, Al-Jazeera (Arabic for the island) has access to the Arab world and is scooping the western media conglomerates. It has emerged as an international relations actor on the world stage with its exclusive access to Osama bin Laden and members of the Taliban. Its reputation has been burnishing quickly through its daily exposure on CNN in the U.S., even as it strives to maintain its independence as an international free news network. Al-Jazeera sheds light on the background of the Al-Jazeera network, how it started, how it operates, the kinds of programs it broadcasts, its effects on Arab viewers, the reactions of the West and Arab states, its implications for the future of news broadcasting in the Middle East, and its struggle for a free press and public opinion in the Arab world.--Jacket."	Mohammed El-Nawawy	HE8700.9.Q22E4 2002Saving the world : a novel 	"Alma Heubner's husband, Richard, goes to the Dominican Republic to help eradicate AIDS, while Alma, a bestselling Latina writer, stays at home in Vermont to work on a story about a real, ill-fated 19th-century expedition chaperoned by Dona Isabel Sendales y Gomez, the spinster director of a Spanish orphanage who agrees to vaccinate 20 of her charges with cowpox and bring them from Spain to Central America to prevent future smallpox epidemics. While the leader of the anti-smallpox expedition, Dr. Francisco Balmis, and Richard see their missions collapse in defeat, Dona Isabel and Alma surmount their personal depressions to find inner strength.--Publishers Weekly."	Julia Alvarez	PS3551.L845S28 2006Crusader archaeology : the material culture of the Latin East 	"Although a wealth of literature has been written on the Crusading movement affording a clearer picture of what the Crusades entailed, little has been written to illuminate Frankish life in 'the lands beyond the sea'. Crusader Archaeology draws together recently excavated material from Israel, Cyprus, Syria and Jordan to examine what life was like for the Crusaders in their new territory, and how they were influenced by the local population. Chapters encompass Frankish urban and rural settlements, including agriculture, industry, the differing architecture employed by the military, the church, public and private structures, arts and crafts, leisure pursuits, death and burial customs, and building techniques. This highly illustrated volume comprises a graphic portrayal of the period and makes fascinating reading for all those interested in the Middle Ages, and particularly in the Crusaders.--Jacket."	Adrian J Boas	D183.B63 1999"Marketing Marianne : French propaganda in America, 1900-1940 "	"Although historians have written extensively about propaganda during Napoleon III's regime and Vichy, they have virtually ignored the Third Republic. Focusing on Third Republic policies, Marketing Marianne examines how the French sought to influence American foreign policy in the early twentieth century. Robert J. Young argues that the French used subtle but effective means to sway U.S. policy in Europe. He examines French propaganda efforts and the methods of the French Foreign Ministry, always highlighting the wider cultural and social context of Franco-American relations.;French propagandists believed that the steady promotion of their nation as the cultural leader of the world was the best way to foster goodwill among Americans. They slowly recognized the important role that the United States played in maintaining the balance of power in Europe.--Jacket."	Robert J Young	E183.8.F8Y68 2004The national uncanny : Indian ghosts and American subjects 	"Although spectral Indians appear with startling frequency in US literary works, until now the implications of describing them as ghosts have not been thoroughly investigated. In the first years of nationhood, Philip Freneau and Sarah Wentworth Morton peopled their works with Indian phantoms, as did Charles Brocken Brown, Washington Irving, Samuel Woodworth, Lydia Maria Child, James Fenimore Cooper, William Apess, Nathaniel Hawthorne, and others who followed. During the late 19th and early 20th centuries, Native American ghosts figured prominently in speeches attributed to Chief Seattle, Black Elk, and Kicking Bear. Today, Stephen King and Leslie Marmon Silko plot best-selling novels around ghostly Indians and haunted Indian burial grounds. Rene_e L. Bergland argues that representing Indians as ghosts internalizes them as ghostly figures within the white imagination. Spectralization allows white Americans to construct a concept of American nationhood haunted by Native Americans, in which Indians become sharers in an idealized national imagination. However, the problems of spectralization are clear, since the discourse questions the very nationalism it constructs. Indians who are transformed into ghosts cannot be buried or evaded, and the specter of their forced disappearance haunts the American imagination. Indian ghosts personify national guilt and horror, as well as national pride and pleasure. Bergland tells the story of a terrifying and triumphant American aesthetic that repeatedly transforms horror into glory, national dishonor into national pride."	Rene_e L Bergland	PS173.I6B47 2000American breeding standards  	"American Breeding Standards explores the systemized rules about what comprises a good or bad horse, a good or bad woman--and the steps one might take to achieve the breed standard--Crooked Letter Press website, viewed on August 25, 2014."	Ellen Knudson	N7433.4.K6367A44 2013War without end : cultural conflict and the struggle for America's political future 	"America's culture war--which pits traditionalists, unrelenting defenders of the social orthodoxy, against modernists, agitators for social change--has simmered and seethed since the birth of the nation. But in the turbulent decade of the 1960s, the culture war erupted in the political arena, where it thunders on today. This book examines how the evolution of cultural issues as political tools has rocked the balance of political power in America, from the period of the fractious 1968 presidential campaign to the contest for the White House and the Congress in 2000. Through an expansive coverage of events--from Vietnam, Nixon, discrimination, abortion, economic imbalance, and morality in political behavior--Washington journalist Robert Shogan provides an objective and informed look at how Americans feel about themselves and their country in the first decade of the new millennium while the culture war rages on.--Publisher description."	Robert Shogan	E169.12.S515 2002"America's Japan and Japan's performing arts : cultural mobility and exchange in New York, 1952-2011 "	"America's Japan and Japan's Performing Arts studies the images and myths that have shaped the reception of Japan-related theater, music, and dance in the United States since the 1950s. Soon after World War II, visits by Japanese performing artists to the United States emerged as a significant category of American cultural-exchange initiatives aimed at helping establish and build friendly ties with Japan. Barbara E. Thornbury explores how Japan and Japanese culture have been constructed, reconstructed, and transformed in response to the hundreds of productions that have taken place over the past sixty years in New York, the main entry point and defining cultural nexus in the United States for the global touring market in the performing arts. Thornbury crosses disciplinary boundaries in her wide range of both primary sources and published scholarship, making the book of interest to students and scholars of performing arts studies, Japanese studies, and cultural studies--Provided by publisher."	Barbara E Thornbury	PN2266.5.T48 2013"The sense of sound : musical meaning in France, 1260-1330 "	"Among the most memorable innovations of music and poetry in thirteenth-century France was a genre that seemed to privilege sound over sense. The polytextual motet is especially well-known to scholars of the Middle Ages for its tendency to conceal complex allegorical meaning in a texture that, in performance, made words less, rather than more, audible. It is with such musical sound that this book is concerned. What did it mean to create a musical effect so potentially independent from the meaning of words? Is it possible such supermusical effects themselves had significance? The Sense of Sound."	Emma Dillon	ML3877.D37 2012The Liars' Club : a memoir 	"An account of the author's childhood in a Texas oil town and of her family's struggles with cancer, madness, and alcoholism."	Mary Karr	PS3561.A6929Z468 1996The kingdom of ordinary time  	"An anticipated new volume from Marie Howe whose poetry is luminous, intense, eloquent, rooted in abundant inner life (Stanley Kunitz). Hurrying through errands, attending a dying mother, helping her own child down the playground slide, the speaker in these poems wonders: what is the difference between the self and the soul? The secular and the sacred? Where is the kingdom of heaven? And how does one live in Ordinary Time- during those periods that are not apparently miraculous?"	Marie Howe	PS3558.O8925K56 2008Urban form in the Arab world : past and present 	"An architectural historian and practising urban designer aims to raise understanding of traditional buildings in the Arab-Islamic world, and reveals the problems faced by historic cities in the light of Western influence."	Stefano Bianca	NA9246.A65B53 2000"The dancing goddesses : folklore, archaeology, and the origins of European dance "	"An ethnographic and archaeological exploration of ancient traditions and folklore pertaining to dancing goddesses traces their roots in early Roman, Greek, and European cultures to reveal the origins of modern customs."	E J W Barber	GR139.5.B37 2013Scarcity : why having too little means so much 	"An examination of how scarcity--and our flawed responses to it--shapes our lives, our society, and our culture."	Sendhil Mullainathan	HB801.M83 2013This republic of suffering : death and the American Civil War 	"An illuminating study of the American struggle to comprehend the meaning and practicalities of death in the face of the unprecedented carnage of the Civil War. During the war, approximately 620,000 soldiers lost their lives. An equivalent proportion of today's population would be six million. This book explores the impact of this enormous death toll from every angle: material, political, intellectual, and spiritual. Historian Faust delineates the ways death changed not only individual lives but the life of the nation and its understanding of the rights and responsibilities of citizenship. She describes how survivors mourned and how a deeply religious culture struggled to reconcile the slaughter with its belief in a benevolent God, and reconceived its understanding of life after death.--From publisher description."	Drew Gilpin Faust	E468.9.F385 2008Epilogue  	"An overview of Hans Urs von Balthasar's great masterwork trilogy, The Glory of the Lord, Theo-Drama, and Theo-Logic.--Jacket."	Hans Urs von Balthasar	BR85.B392813 2004Modern Irish theatre  	"Analysing major Irish dramas and the artists and companies that performed them, Modern Irish Theatre provides an engaging and accessible introduction to twentieth-century Irish theatre: its origins, dominant themes, relationship to politics and culture, and influence on theatre movements around the world. By looking at her subject as a performance rather than a literary phenomenon, Trotter captures how Irish theatre has actively reflected and shaped debates about Irish culture and identity among audiences, artists, and critics for over a century.--Jacket."	Mary Trotter	PR8789.T76 2008Pleasure and gender in the writings of Thomas More : pursuing the common weal 	"Analyzes the ways in which Thomas More's writings treat the major cultural categories of the individual in civil life -- including pleasure and gender, chance, friendship, and role play -- as central to More's own views on the common weal, the common good, and the good state--Provided by publisher."	A D Cousins	PR2322.C68 2010Graffiti in antiquity  	"Ancient graffiti - hundreds of thousands of informal, ephemeral texts spanning millennia - offer a patchwork of fragmentary conversations in a variety of languages spread across the Mediterranean world. Cut, painted, inked or traced in charcoal, the surviving graffiti present a layer of lived experience in the ancient world unavailable from other sources. Graffiti in Antiquity reveals how and why the inhabitants of Greece and Rome - men and women and free and enslaved - formulated written and visual messages about themselves and the world around them as graffiti."	Peter Keegan	GT3912.K44 2014"Guns, democracy, and the insurrectionist idea  "	"And when gun enthusiasts talk about Constitutional liberties guaranteed by the Second Amendment, they are referring to freedom in a general sense, but they also have something more specific in mind---freedom from government oppression. Guns, Democracy, and the Insurrectionist Idea reveals that the proponents of this view base their argument on a deliberate misreading of history. A myth has been forged by twisting the facts of the American Revolution and the founding of the United States, the denial of civil rights to African-Americans after the Civil War, and the rise of the Third Reich under Adolf Hitler. Here, Horwitz and Anderson set the record straight. The books also discusses issues regarding the NRA, D.C. v. Heller, German gun laws for Nazis during the Holocaust, property rights, and shoot first laws. Challenging the proposition that more guns equal more freedom, they expose Insurrectionism---not government oppression---as the true threat to freedom in the U.S. today. Joshua Horwitz is Executive Director of the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence and the Educational Fund to Stop Gun Violence."	Joshua Horwitz	JC599.U5H626 2009"Obstinate Hebrews : representations of Jews in France, 1715-1815 "	"AnnotationA path-breaking study of the Jews in France from the time of the philosophies through the Revolution and up to Napoleon. Examines how Jews were thought of during this time, by both French writers and the Jews themselves."	Ronald Schechter	DS135.F82S34 2003Secrets of the soul : a social and cultural history of psychoanalysis 	"AnnotationFirst to synthesize the vast international history and heritage of psychoanalysis, this hugely ambitious book details one of the most influential movements of the 20th century."	Eli Zaretsky	BF173.Z37 2004The globalization syndrome : transformation and resistance 	"AnnotationHere James Mittelman explains the systemic dynamics & myriad consequences of globalization, focusing on the interplay between globalizing market forces, in some instances guided by the state, & the needs of society. Mittelman finds that globalization is hardly a unified phenomenon but rather a syndrome of processes & activities: a set of ideas & a policy framework. More specifically, globalization is propelled by a changing division of labor & power, manifested in a new regionalism, & challenged by fledgling resistance movements. The author argues that a more complete understanding of globalization requires an appreciation of its cultural dimensions. From this perspective, he considers the voices of those affected by this trend, including those who resist it & particularly those who are hurt by it. The Globalization Syndrome is among the first books to present a holistic & multilevel analysis of globalization, connecting the economic to the political & cultural, joining agents & multiple structures, & interrelating different local, regional, & global arenas. Mittelman's findings are drawn mainly from the non-Western worlds. He provides a cross-regional analysis of Eastern Asia, an epicenter of globalization, & Southern Africa, a key node in the most marginalized continent. The evidence shows that while offering many benefits to some, globalization has become an uneasy correlation of deep tensions, giving rise to a range of alternative scenarios.;AnnotationHere James Mittelman explains the systemic dynamics and myriad consequences of globalization, focusing on the interplay between globalizing market forces, in some instances guided by the state, and the needs of society. Mittelman finds that globalization is hardly a unified phenomenon but rather a syndrome of processes and activities: a set of ideas and a policy framework. More specifically, globalization is propelled by a changing division of labor and power, manifested in a new regionalism, and challenged by fledgling resistance movements. The author argues that a more complete understanding of globalization requires an appreciation of its cultural dimensions. From this perspective, he considers the voices of those affected by this trend, including those who resist it and particularly those who are hurt by it. The Globalization Syndrome is among the first books to present a holistic and multilevel analysis of globalization, connecting the economic to the political and cultural, joining agents and multiple structures, and interrelating different local, regional, and global arenas. Mittelman's findings are drawn mainly from the non-"	James H Mittelman	HF1359.M58 2000American Reform Judaism : an introduction 	"AnnotationThe only comprehensive and up-todate look at Reform Judaism, this book analyzes the forces currently challenging the Reform Movement, now the largest Jewish denomination in the United States. To distinguish itself from Orthodox and Conservative Judaism, the Reform movement tries to be an egalitarian, open, and innovative version of the faith true to the spirit of the tradition but nonetheless full compatible with modern secular life. Promoting itself in this way, Reform Judaism has been tremendously successful in recruiting a variety of people-intermarried families, feminists, gays and lesbians, and interracial families among others-who resist more traditional forms of worship. As an unintended result of this success, the movement now struggles with an identity crisis brought on by its liberal theology, which teaches that each Jew is free to practice Judaism more or less as he or she pleases. In the absence of the authority that comes from a theology based on a commanding, all-powerful God, can Reform Judaism continue to thrive? Can it be broadly inclusive and still be uniquely and authentically Jewish? Taking this question as his point of departure, Dana Evan Kaplan provides a broad overview of the American Reform movement and its history, theology, and politics. He then takes a hard look at the challenges the movement faces as it attempts to reinvent itself in the new millennium. In so doing, Kaplan gives the reader a sense of where Reform Judaism has come from, where it stands on the major issues, and where it may be going. Addressing the issues that have confronted the movement--including the ordination of women, acceptance of homosexuality, the problem of assimilation, the questionof rabbinic officiation at intermarriages, the struggle for acceptance in Israel, and Jewish education and others--Kaplan sheds light on the connection between Reform ideology and cultural realities. He unflinchingly, yet o."	Dana Evan Kaplan	BM197.K37 2003Antiquity : Greeks and Romans in context 	"Antiquity: Greeks and Romans in Context provides a chronological introduction to the history of ancient Mediterranean civilizations within the larger context of its contemporary Eurasian world. Innovative approach organizes Greek and Roman history into a single chronology Combines the traditional historical story with subjects that are central to modern research into the ancient world including a range of social, cultural, and political topics Facilitates an understanding of the ancient Mediterranean world as a unity, just as the Mediterranean world is in its turn presented as part of a larger whole Covers the entire ancient Mediterranean world from pre-history through to the rise of Islam in the seventh century A.D. Features a diverse collection of images, maps, diagrams, tables, and a chronological chart to aid comprehension English translation of a well-known Dutch book, De oudheid, now in its third edition --Provided by publisher."	F G Naerebout	DE59.N3413 2014Apuleius' platonism : the impersonation of philosophy 	"Apuleius of Madauros, writing in the latter half of the second century CE in Roman North Africa, is best known to us today for his Latin fiction, the Metamorphoses aka The Golden Ass, about a man who turned into a donkey and back again. However, he was also a Platonic philosopher, who, even though many of his writings are lost, wrote a range of rhetorical and philosophical works which survive to this day. This book examines these works to reveal how Apuleius' Platonism is a result of his 'impersonation of philosophy', that is, a rhetorically powerful methodological tool that allows him to 'speak' on behalf of Plato and his philosophy. This book is the first exploration of the full scope of his idiosyncratic brand of Platonism across his multifarious literary corpus and is a major contribution to the study of the dynamic between literature and philosophy in antiquity and beyond--Provided by publisher."	Richard Fletcher	B536.A34F54 2014Northern Irish poetry and theology  	"Argues that theology shapes subjectivity, language and poetic form, and provides original studies of three internationally acclaimed poets: Seamus Heaney, Michael Longley, and Derek Mahon.--Publishers website."	Gail McConnell	PR8771.M42 2014Painting the difference : sex and spectator in modern art 	"Arguing that the representation of women in art was crucial to the character of modernity, the author traces the history of female subjects as they began to gaze out of the picture to confront and engage their viewers."	Charles Harrison	ND1460.S44H37 2005The desk reference of statistical quality methods  	"Arranged in alphabetical order for quick reference, this book provides the quality practitioner with a single resource that illustrates, in a practical manner, how to execute specific statistical methods frequently used in the quality sciences. Each method is presented in a stand-alone fashion and includes computational steps, application comments, and a fully illustrated brief presentation on how to use the tool or technique. A plethora of topics have been arranged in alphabetical order, ranging from acceptance sampling control charts to zone format control charts. This reference is accessible for the average quality practitioner who will need a minimal prior understanding of the techniques discussed to benefit from them. Each topic is presented in a standalone fashion with, in most cases, several examples detailing computational steps and application comments. This second edition includes new sections on advanced SPC applications, reliability applications, and Simplex Optimization. There are expansions in the sections on process capability analysis, hypothesis testing, and design of experiments.--Publisher's website.;This is an excellent reference book for quality practitioners, providing quick reference and stand-alone topics in alphabetical order. Detailed computational steps are incorporated throughout the work along with very helpful presentations on how to use quality techniques and tools."	Mark L Crossley	TS156.C79 2008There goes the neighborhood  	"Artists statement: A sound bite by Jacques Chirac started the juices flowing for There Goes the Neighborhood. Our house is burning down and we're blind to it ... the earth and human kind are in danger and we are all responsible. The resulting book presents six neighborhoods examining the decline of biodiversity, the environment and the quality of our lives as we know it. Image and word bites illuminate the problems of population growth, ocean acidity and overfishing, deforestation, species extinction, disease, and climate change. Copyright free 19th century engravings have been worked together in Photoshop to tell today's stories and in a way, connect today's problems with many of the same ones faced by those living when these engravings were originally created. Accompanying the neighborhoods are mini treatises adding specifics to the greater than a thousand word images. The titles are patterned after 19th century book titling practices."	Elsi Vassdal Ellis	N7433.4 .E45T44 2010The architecture of art museums : a decade of design : 2000-2010 	"As a building type, art museums are unparalleled for the opportunities they provide for architectural investigation and experimentation. They are frequently key components of urban revitalization and often push the limits of building technology. Art museums are places of pleasure, education and contemplation. They are remarkable by their prominence and sheer quantity, and their lessons are useful for all architects and for all building types. This book provides explicit and comprehensive coverage of the most important museums built in the first ten years of the 21st Century in the United States and Europe. By dissecting and analysing each case, Ronnie Self allows the reader to get under the skin of each design and fully understand the process behind these remarkable buildings. Richly designed with full technical illustrations and sections the book includes the work of Tadao Ando, Zaha Hadid, Peter Cook & Colin Fournier, Renzo Piano, Yoshi Taniguchi, Herzog & de Meuron, Jean Nouvel, SANAA, Daniel Libeskind, Diller Scofidio & Renfro, Steven Holl, Coop Himmelb(l)au, Bernard Tschumi, Sauerbruch Hutton, and Shigeru Ban & Jean de Gastines. Together these diverse projects provide a catalogue of design solutions for the contemporary museum and a snapshot of current architectural thought and culture. One of few books on this subject written by an architect, Self's analysis thoroughly and critically appraises each project from multiple aspects and crucially takes the reader from concept to building. This is an essential book for any student or professional engaged in designing a museum--Provided by publisher."	Ronnie Self	NA6695.S45 2014Storm watch : the art of Barbara Earl Thomas 	"As a painter and writer of prodigious talent and visionary sensibility, Barbara Earl Thomas continues to spark increasing attention both regionally and nationally. The granddaughter of southern sharecroppers who migrated to Seattle in the middle 1940s, Thomas expresses in her art a dual heritage, translating her own vision of southern roots and culture into a northwestern landscape.;In her paintings, Thomas incorporates themes of people and their rituals with the land, weaving images around the metaphor of place as both a geographical and spiritual location. Her essay, Passing Secrets, not only offers a perceptive sketch of the attitudes of black immigrants to the Northwest but also provides a personal insight into her technical and philosophical approach. Because her use of imagery is highly symbolic, Storm Watch has an appeal that crosses the boundaries of artistic media - of painting and writing - and transcends regional locale."	Barbara Earl Thomas	ND237.T55175A4 1998In the basement of the ivory tower : confessions of an accidental academic 	"As his house starts falling apart in every imaginable way, Professor X grabs first one, then two jobs teaching English 101 and 102-composition and literature-at a small private college and a local community college. This is the story of what he learns about his struggling pupils, about the college system-a business more bent on its own financial targets than the wellbeing of its students-about the classics he rediscovers, and about himself. --from publisher description."	 Professor X.	LB2331.72.P76 2011All the wrong places : Mrs. Frog's improbable search for love 	"As Mrs. Frog settles into her new marshland community after the death of her mate, she seeks acceptance and even romance among her neighbors, the retired redwing blackbirds next door; a pair of voracious herons; a fly-fishing lizard and his possum companion. She's bold, bossy, opinionated, flirtatious ... and bereft, and no one knows quite what to do with her--least of all Mrs. Frog herself. Still, she does what she can to maintain her spirits and her figure: Her overhead claps and eagle pose, unlike some of her pronouncements, are models of form and timing. Suitable for mature, literate, savvy readers.--Description from publisher."	Pam Glenn	PS3607.L455A44 2012Carnivorous plants of the United States and Canada  	"As mysterious as they are beautiful, carnivorous plants thrive in acidic bogs, open savannahs, and slow brown-water streams and lakes, all of which lack the mineral-rich soil associated with luxuriant plant growth. Their surprising vigor testifies to nature's remarkable powers of adaptation. In this expanded and revised edition of his classic treatment, Donald Schnell examines in detail the forty-five species and numerous hybrids of carnivorous plants that grow in the United States and Canada. Information on each species includes an identifying description, the preferred habitat, the range in which it can be found, and the season for flowering and trapping, making this book a useful field guide as well as a fascinating source of leisure reading.--Jacket."	Donald E Schnell	QK917.S36 2002Family revolution : marital strife in contemporary Chinese literature and visual culture 	"As state control of private life in China has loosened since 1980, citizens have experienced an unprecedented family revolution--an overhaul of family structure, marital practices, and gender relationships. While the nuclear family has become a privileged realm of romance and individualism symbolizing the post-revolutionary freedoms of economic and affective autonomy, women's roles in particular have been transformed, with the ideal iron girl of socialism replaced by the feminine, family-oriented I_good wife and wise mother. Problems and contradictions in this new domestic culture have been exposed by China's soaring divorce rate. Reading popular divorce narratives in fiction, film, and TV drama, Hui Faye Xiao shows that the representation of marital discord has become a cultural battleground for competing ideologies within post-revolutionary China. While these narratives present women's cultivation of wifely and maternal qualities as the cure for family disintegration and social unrest, Xiao shows that they in fact reflect a problematic resurgence of traditional gender roles and a powerful mode of control over supposedly autonomous private life. Hui Faye Xiao is assistant professor of modern Chinese literature and culture at the University of Kansas.An original and important contribution to the scholarship on Chinese culture in the post-Mao era with a breadth of perspective and depth of insight that few works have matched. A devastating critique of the social, economic, and cultural regendering of China in the reform era.--Jason McGrath, University of MinnesotaInsightfully manages to situate the chosen texts in relation to the larger contexts of ideological and socioeconomic changes.--Xueping Zhong, Tufts University--Provided by publisher."	Hui Faye Xiao	PL2275.F34X53 2014The best system money can buy : corruption in the European Union 	"As the European Union moved in the 1990s to a unified market and stronger common institutions, most observers assumed that the changes would reduce corruption. Aspects of the stronger EU promised to preclude - or at least reduce - malfeasance: regulatory harmonization, freer trade, and privatization of publicly owned enterprises. Market efficiencies would render corrupt practices more visible and less common. In The Best System Money Can But, Carolyn M. Warner systemically and often entertainingly gives the lie to these assumptions and provides a framework for understanding the persistence of corruption in the Western states of the EU. In compelling case studies, she shows that under certain conditions, politicians and firms across Europe chose to counter the increased competition they faced due to liberal markets and political reforms by resorting to corruption. More elections have made ever-larger funding demands on political parties; privatization has proved to be a theme park for economic crime and party profit; firms and politicians collude in many areas where EU harmonization has resulted in a net reduction in law-enforcement powers; and state-led export promotion efforts, especially in the armaments, infrastructure, and energy sectors, have virtually institutionalized bribery.--Jacket."	Carolyn M Warner	JN94.A56C69 2007Biophysics : an introduction 	"Assuming little biological or medical knowledge, this book will be invaluable to undergraduate students in physics, biophysics and medical physics. The book will also be useful for graduate students and researchers looking for a broad introduction to the subject.--Jacket."	Rodney Cotterill	QH505.C64 2002Higher education in America  	"At a time when colleges and universities have never been more important to the lives and opportunities of students or to the progress and prosperity of the nation, Bok provides a thorough examination of the entire system, public and private, from community colleges and small liberal arts colleges to great universities with their research programs and their medical, law, and business schools. Drawing on the most reliable studies and data, he determines which criticisms of higher education are unfounded or exaggerated, which are issues of genuine concern, and what can be done to improve matters. Some of the subjects considered are long-standing, such as debates over the undergraduate curriculum and concerns over rising college costs. Others are more recent, such as the rise of for-profit institutions and massive open online courses (MOOCs). Additional topics include the quality of undergraduate education, the stagnating levels of college graduation, the problems of university governance, the strengths and weaknesses of graduate and professional education, the environment for research, and the benefits and drawbacks of the pervasive competition among American colleges and universities. Offering a rare survey and evaluation of American higher education as a whole, this book provides a solid basis for a fresh public discussion about what the system is doing right, what it needs to do better, and how the next quarter century could be made a period of progress rather than decline.--Publisher's description."	Derek Curtis Bok	LA227.4.B665 2013"The ""greatest problem"" : religion and state formation in Meiji Japan "	"At its inception in 1868, the modern Japanese state pursued policies and created institutions that lacked a coherent conception of religion. Yet the architects of the modern state came to pursue an explicit religious settlement as they set about designing a constitutional order through the 1880s. As a result, many of the cardinal institutions of the state, particularly the imperial institution, came to be defined in opposition to religion. Drawing on an assortment of primary sources, including internal government debates, diplomatic negotiations, and the popular press, Maxey documents how the novel category of religion came to be seen as the greatest problem by the architects of the modern Japanese state. In Meiji Japan, religion came to designate a cognitive and social pluralism that resisted direct state control. It also provided the modern state with a means to contain, regulate, and neutralize that plurality."	Trent Elliott Maxey	DS881.95.M38 2014"A Joyous Revolt : Toni Cade Bambara, Writer and Activist "	"At long last--a book-length biography celebrates Toni Cade Bambara, a seminal literary, cultural, and political figure who was among the most widely read and frequently reviewed of the well-regarded black women writers to emerge in the l970s.--Provided by publisher."	Linda Janet Holmes	PS3572.A473Z66 2014The happiest song plays last  	"At the dawn of the Arab Spring in an ancient Jordanian town, an Iraq War veteran struggles to overcome the traumas of combat by taking on an entirely new and unexpected career: action film hero. A search for redemption, humility, and one's place in the world, this is the final installment in Quiara Alegri_a Hudes's The Elliot Trilogy, which began with Pulitzer Prize finalist Elliot, A Soldier's Fugue and Pulitzer Prize-winner Water by the Spoonful. Set to the joyful sounds of traditional Puerto Rican folk music, this poignant new play enjoyed its world premiere at Chicago's Goodman Theatre in 2013, and its New York premiere at Second Stage Theatre in 2014--Provided by publisher."	Quiara Alegri_a Hudes	PS3608.U3234H37 2014The Welsh girl  	"At the height of World War II, a forbidden romance blossoms between seventeen-year-old Esther Evans, the daughter of a Welsh shepherd, and Karsten Simmering, a troubled young German POW, who questions what he has been fighting for."	Peter Ho Davies	PR6054.A89145W45 2007The piano lesson  	"August Wilson has already given the American theater such spell-binding plays about the black experience in 20th-century America as Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, Joe Turner's Come and Gone, and the Pulitzer Prize-winning, Fences. In his second Pulitzer Prize-winner, The Piano Lesson, Wilson has fashioned his most haunting and dramatic work yet. At the heart of the play stands the ornately carved upright piano which, as the Charles family's prized, hard-won possession, has been gathering dust in the parlor of Berniece Charles's Pittsburgh home. When Boy Willie, Berniece's exuberant brother, bursts into her life with his dream of buying the same Mississippi land that his family had worked as slaves, he plans to sell their antique piano for the hard cash he needs to stake his future. But Berniece refuses to sell, clinging to the piano as a reminder of the history that is their family legacy. This dilemma is the real piano lesson, reminding us that blacks are often deprived both of the symbols of their past and of opportunity in the present."	August Wilson	PS3573.I45677P54 1990Sexual textualities : essays on queering Latin American writing 	"Author continues his work on gay studies by questioning the makeup of the canon and the occlusion of the queering rhetoric. Includes essays on homoerotic writing by Chicano authors, lesbian desire in representations of Evita, feminine pornography in Latin America, and the crisis of masculinity in Argentine fiction. Very well researched; theoretically sound and provocative. Required reading in queer studies. See also HLAS 48:5657 and item #bi 97002052# by the same author--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.http://www.loc.gov/hlas"	David William Foster	PQ7081.F635 1997J.S. Bach's Johannine theology : the St. John Passion and the Cantatas for spring 1725 	"Bach's Johannine Theology: The St. John Passion and the Cantatas for Spring 1725 is a fertile examination of this group of fourteen surviving liturgical works. Renowned Bach scholar Eric Chafe begins his investigation into Bach's theology with the composer's St. John Passion, concentrating on its first and last versions. Beyond providing a uniquely detailed assessment of the passion, Bach's Johannine Theology is the first work to take the work beyond the scope of an isolated study, considering its meaning from a variety of musical and historical standpoints. Chafe thereby uncovers a range of theological implications underlying Bach's creative approach itself. Building considerably on his previous work, Chafe here expands his methodological approach to Bach's vocal music by arguing for a multi-layered approach to religion in Bach's compositional process. Chafe bases this approach primarily on two aspects of Bach's theology: first, the specific features of Johannine theology, which contrast with the more narrative approach found in the Synoptic Gospels (Matthew, Mark, Luke); and second, contemporary homiletic and devotional writings - material that is not otherwise easily accessible, and less so in English translation. Bach's Johannine Theology provides an unprecedented, enlightening exploration of the theological and liturgical contexts within which this music was first heard [Publisher description]."	Eric Thomas Chafe	ML410.B13C45 2014Evangelical Christians in the Muslim sahel  	"Barbara M. Cooper looks closely at the Sudan Interior Mission, an evangelical Christian mission that has taken a tenuous hold in a predominantly Hausa Muslim area on the southern fringe of Niger. Based on sustained fieldwork, personal interviews, and archival research, this vibrant, sensitive, compelling, and candid book gives a unique glimpse into an important dimension of religious life in Africa. Cooper's involvement in a violent religious riot provides a useful backdrop for introducing other themes and concerns such as Bible translation, medical outreach, public preaching, tensions between English-speaking and French-speaking missionaries, and the Christian mission's changing views of Islam. - Publisher."	Barbara MacGowan Cooper	BV3625.N48C66 2006The Holy Grail : imagination and belief 	"Barber traces the history of the stories surrounding the Holy Grail, beginning with Chretien de Troyes, who in the twelfth century first imagined the famous scene in which a mysterious golden vessel adorned with jewels was paraded before the eyes of an untested youth. The author died before he could complete his tale, and the unsolved mystery of the Grail has haunted us ever since. By a long series of imaginative transformations, the grail has moved from the sphere of romance to religion, and in twentieth-century popular culture has become an emblem of mysticism and man's highest aspirations, intimately linked with the central ritual of the Christian faith.--Jacket."	Richard W Barber	PN686.G7B27 2004"The Brazilian Amazon rainforest : global ecopolitics, development, and democracy "	"Barbosa provides a global, world-systemic analysis of the problem of deforestation of the Brazilian Amazon rainforest. He shows how changes in global ecopolitics demanding sustainable development, coupled with the onset of democracy in Brazil, substantially altered the battle over the future of Amazonia. He describes deforestation in the region in the context of an expanding frontier of global capitalism, and compares Amazon experiences with those of Costa Rica, Malaysia, and Indonesia."	Luiz C Barbosa	SD418.3.B6B37 2000Early modern European civilization and its political and cultural dynamism  	"Based on a series of lectures given at the Historical Society of Israel in 2006, this volume offers a rare opportunity for English-language readers to appreciate the groundbreaking work of historian Heinz Schilling. As Schilling argues here, the emergence of the European state system was a direct result of the rise of regionally dominant religious beliefs and the resultant formation of national identities. This is not only an introduction to his paradigmatic concept of confessionalization and the emergence of the state system in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries; it is also an effort to understand the impact of migration and the role of religious minorities as agents of economic, social, and cultural change during the period. The book concludes with a tantalizing discussion of the way in which secular authority did not arise exclusive from religion but was often inspired by the inherent dualism of the Latinate culture, characterized by a long-held separation between the spiritual and secular powers.--Jacket."	Heinz Schilling	D228.S36 2008Why nudge? : the politics of libertarian paternalism 	"Based on a series of pathbreaking lectures given at Yale University in 2012, this powerful, thought-provoking work by national best-selling author Cass R. Sunstein combines legal theory with behavioral economics to make a fresh argument about the legitimate scope of government, bearing on obesity, smoking, distracted driving, health care, food safety, and other highly volatile, high-profile public issues. Behavioral economists have established that people often make decisions that run counter to their best interests-producing what Sunstein describes as behavioral market failures. Sometimes we disregard the long term; sometimes we are unrealistically optimistic; sometimes we do not see what is in front of us. With this evidence in mind, Sunstein argues for a new form of paternalism, one that protects people against serious errors but also recognizes the risk of government overreaching and usually preserves freedom of choice. Against those who reject paternalism of any kind, Sunstein shows that choice architecture--Government-imposed structures that affect our choices-is inevitable, and hence that a form of paternalism cannot be avoided. He urges that there are profoundly moral reasons to ensure that choice architecture is helpful rather than harmful-and that it makes people's lives better and longer--Provided by publisher."	Cass R Sunstein	JC599.U5S94 2014Kill anything that moves : the real American war in Vietnam 	"Based on classified documents and interviews, a controversial history of the Vietnam War argues that American acts of violence against millions of Vietnamese civilians were a pervasive and systematic part of the war."	Nick Turse	DS559.2.T87 2013"Truth, history and politics in Mongolia : the memory of heroes "	"Based on extensive field research spanning over a decade, Truth, History and Politics in Mongolia is the first English-language account of the Mongolian democratic revolution. Its questioning of preconceptions about socialist control over identity and the writing of history will be of great interest to those studying culture, history and memory, as well as those in the field of Mongolian and Post Soviet Studies.--Jacket."	C Kaplonski	DS798.43.K37 2004So what : the life of Miles Davis 	"Based on interviews with family and friends, this account of the jazz great's life reveals the influence of Miles Davis' life on his work as well as the musician's persistent desire to re-invent himself."	John F Szwed	ML419.D39S98 2002The healing connection : how women form relationships in therapy and in life 	"Based on the authors' discovery that connectedness in relationships is a major source of women's psychological health, The healing connection offers ways to transform relationships--with family members, friends, and colleagues, as well as in therapy--for growth and health."	Jean Baker Miller	RC451.4.W6M57 1997"Becoming Jimi Hendrix : from Southern crossroads to psychedelic London, the untold story of a musical genius "	"Becoming Jimi Hendrix traces Jimmy's early musical roots, from a harrowing, hand-to-mouth upbringing in a poverty-stricken, broken Seattle home to his early discovery of the blues to his stint as a reluctant recruit of the 101st Airborne who was magnetically drawn to the rhythm and blues scene in Nashville. As a sideman, Hendrix played with the likes of Little Richard, Ike and Tina Turner, the Isley Brothers, and Sam & Dave- but none knew what to make of his spotlight-stealing rock guitar experimentation, the likes of which had never been heard before. Based on over one hundred interviews with those who knew Hendrix best during his lean years, more than half of whom have never spoken about him on the record. Utilizing court transcripts, FBI files, private letters, unpublished photos, and U.S. Army documents, this is the story of a young musician who overcame enormous odds."	Steven Roby	ML410.H476R62 2010Supreme power : Franklin Roosevelt vs. the Supreme Court 	"Beginning in 1935, in a series of devastating decisions, the Supreme Court's conservative majority left much of FDR's agenda in ruins. The pillars of the New Deal fell in short succession. It was not just the New Deal, but democracy itself, that stood on trial. In February 1937, Roosevelt struck back with an audacious plan to expand the Court to fifteen justices -- and to pack the new seats with liberals who shared his belief in a living Constitution. The ensuing fight was a firestorm that engulfed the White House, the Court, Congress, and the nation. The final verdict was a shock. It dealt FDR the biggest setback of his political life, split the Democratic party, and set the stage for a future era of Republican dominance. Yet the battle also transformed America's political and constitutional landscape, hastening the nation's march into the modern world."	Jeff Shesol	KF8742.S495 2010"Being in common : nation, subject, and community in Latin American literature and culture "	"Being in Common analyzes key works of twentieth-century Latin American literature and culture as precursors of contemporary theories of globalization. Silvia Rosman studies how texts from the 1940s and '50s by major Latin American authors, such as Alejo Carpentier, Ezequiel Martinez Estrada, Octavio Paz, and Jorge Luis Borges, provide alternatives to traditional forms of national, linguistic, or geographical belonging and thus allow us to think the commonality of experience differently. These texts offer articulations of community that challenge the totalizing and often violent homogeneity of identity or difference, the priority of the Subject and the location of culture.;Rosman persuasively demonstrates how they explore ways of being in common - the communal relation - when the notion of a common being - a totalized conception of community - is shown to be untenable. In doing so she incorporates and looks beyond her predecessors theoretical resources to urgent contemporary preoccupations with how to imagine identity in a post-national moment.--Jacket."	Silvia Nora Rosman	PQ7081.R672 2003Benjamin Franklin : writer and printer 	"Benjamin Franklin's achievements encompassed roles as scientist, politician and international ambassador. This work draws a fresh portrait of Benjamin Franklin as writer and printer."	James N Green	Z232.F8G74 2006The African-American experience in the Civilian Conservation Corps  	"Between 1933 and 1942, nearly 200,000 young African-Americans participated in the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC), one of Franklin D. Roosevelt's most successful New Deal agencies. In an effort to correct the lack of historical attention paid to the African-American contribution to the CCC, Olen Cole, Jr., examines their participation in the Corps as well as its impact on them.--BOOK JACKET. Perhaps most important, Cole's use of oral histories gives voice to individual experiences: former Corps members discuss the benefits of employment, vocational training, and character development as well as their experiences of community reaction to all-black CCC camps. An important and much neglected chapter in American history, Cole's study should interest students of New Deal politics, state and national park history, and the African-American experience in the twentieth century.--Jacket."	Olen Cole	S932.C3C65 1999The annals of Tacitus. 	"Book 11, the first of the later books of the Annals to survive, narrates two years in the reign of Claudius, AD 47-8. While Claudius is busy with the duties of his censorship, his wife Messalina is having a very public love affair with the young aristocrat Silius that eventually ruins her. In a book that also treats German, eastern, and other Roman internal affairs, a third of the surviving narrative is devoted to the destruction of Messalina. Here we encounter the classic portrayal of a Claudius ignorant and manipulated by those around him in an extended narrative that shows Tacitus at his dramatic and cynical best.--Publisher."	Cornelius Tacitus	PA6705.A6B11 2013"Dated & datable English manuscript borders, c. 1395-1499  "	"Borders, the continuous decoration around the outside part or whole of a text page in a medieval book, were a relatively common sight and presumably a pleasure to the medieval reader. Borders served to communicate to the reader the beginning of a significant division in the text, such as a chapter, or the start of a new text in a book containing several works. Bar-like framework, trelliswork, human figures, flowers, plants, sprays, sprigs, interlaces, grotesques, and various stylized motifs were the components of English borders, which sometimes also occured in conjunction with miniatures, historiated initials, and coats of arms. Because borders were composed of artistic images and because they appear over an extended period of time (in this case, somewhat over one hundred years), the representations changed in style, and certain motifs or renderings became identifiable with a certain shorter period. Unless signed by a scribe or containing some internal historical reference, manuscripts can otherwise be difficult to date with much precision. Borders in a dated or datable manuscript can however be used as a means of comparison with undated decoration in other books, since borders generally evolved in style and rendering more quickly than scribal hands. The present handbook is a sourcebok and vade-mecum for comparing dated styles of borders with undated borders and for helping to estimate the period, at least to a quarter century and sometimes less, in which a late medieval English manuscript was produced and decorated. In some instances the handbook also provides a locale or probable locale in which the border originated. All things great and small, from texts to paraffs, come together to reveal the history of a medieval book.--Jacket."	Kathleen L Scott	ND3131.S36 2002Maimonides : a spiritual biography 	"Born into a distinguished family in medieval Cordoba, Spain, the young Moses Maimonides was quickly recognized by his teachers for his outstanding intellectual abilities and extraordinary versatility. At the age of 13, when his peaceful world was shattered by war and persecution, and his family was forced into exile, fleeing and wandering from one place to another for many years, his religious and secular studies continued. Moses was, above all, a writer, and he wrote extensively until the end of his life. After completing the Mishneh Torah in 1180, Maimonides was recognized internationally as the chief religious and legal authority of the entire Jewish world. A large part of his writing comes from his responsa. Letters came from rabbis, judges, scholars, students, teachers and head of schools; even private citizens sent their letters and expected an official responsum. The question of whether Maimonides meant for the Mishneh Torah to replace the Talmud remains one of the most controversial parts of his legacy, and Arbel addresses the troubling argument with a lucid and tenacious intelligence. Maimonides' views were curiously modern and his medical writings constitute a significant chapter in the history of modern medical science. He approached his work as a sacred duty and with a sense of mission, and acquired the reputation of a doctor who treated the soul as well as the body.--Jacket."	Ilil Arbel	BM755.M6A78 2001Lectures on fractal geometry and dynamical systems  	"Both fractal geometry and dynamical systems have a long history of development and have provided fertile ground for many great mathematicians and much deep and important mathematics. These two areas interact with each other and with the theory of chaos in a fundamental way: many dynamical systems (even some very simple ones) produce fractal sets, which are in turn a source of irregular chaotic motions in the system. This book is an introduction to these two fields, with an emphasis on the relationship between them. The first half of the book introduces some of the key ideas in fractal geometry and dimension theory--Cantor sets, Hausdorff dimension, box dimension--using dynamical notions whenever possible, particularly one-dimensional Markov maps and symbolic dynamics. Various techniques for computing Hausdorff dimension are shown, leading to a discussion of Bernoulli and Markov measures and of the relationship between dimension, entropy, and Lyapunov exponents. In the second half of the book some examples of dynamical systems are considered and various phenomena of chaotic behaviour are discussed, including bifurcations, hyperbolicity, attractors, horseshoes, and intermittent and persistent chaos. These phenomena are naturally revealed in the course of our study of two real models from science--the FitzHugh-Nagumo model and the Lorenz system of differential equations. This book is accessible to undergraduate students and requires only standard knowledge in calculus, linear algebra, and differential equations. Elements of point set topology and measure theory are introduced as needed.--Publisher's website."	Ya B Pesin	QA614.86.P47 2009At the precipice : Americans north and south during the secession crisis 	"Bowman explores the different ways in which Americans, North and South, black and white, understood their interests, rights, and honor during the secession period. He examines the lives and thoughts of key figures and provides an especially vivid glimpse into what less famous men and women in both sections thought about themselves and the worlds in which they lived, and how their thoughts informed their actions during this time. Both sides glorified the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States, yet they interpreted those sacred documents in markedly different ways and held very different notions of what constituted American values."	Shearer Davis Bowman	E415.7.B64 2010Courage in the Democratic Polis : ideology and critique in classical Athens 	"Brings together political theory, classical history, and ancient philosophy in order to reinterpret courage as a specifically democratic value, linked to ideals such as freedom, equality, and rationality, and with implications for the conduct of war, gender relations, and citizens' self-image as democrats."	Ryan K Balot	BJ1533.C8B27 2014Other desert cities  	"Brooke Wyeth returns home to Palm Springs after a six-year absence to celebrate Christmas with her parents, her brother, and her aunt. Brooke announces that she is about to publish a memoir dredging up a pivotal and tragic event in the family's history--a wound they don't want reopened. In effect, she draws a line in the sand and dares them all to cross it.--From publisher's description."	Jon Robin Baitz	PS3552.A393O84 2012The form of practical knowledge : a study of the categorical imperative 	"By developing an account of practical knowledge that situates Kant's ethics within his broader epistemology and rethinks numerous topics in his moral psychology and in his account of practical reason, this book promises to deepen and to reshape our understanding of Kantian ethics."	Stephen P Engstrom	B2798.E54 2009The life of William Wordsworth : a critical biography 	"By examining the family and financial circumstances of Wordsworth{lcub}u2019{rcub}s early years, this illuminating biography reshapes our understanding of the great Romantic poet{lcub}u2019{rcub}s most creative period of life and writing. Features new research into Wordsworth{lcub}u2019{rcub}s financial situation, and into how the poet and his family survived financially; Offers a new understanding of the role of his great unwritten poem {lcub}u2018{rcub}The Recluse{lcub}u2019{rcub}; Presents a new assessment of the relationship between Wordsworth and Coleridge. --Provided by publisher."	John Worthen	PR5881.W75 2014"Mapping modernity in Shanghai : space, gender, and visual culture in the sojourners' city, 1853-98 "	"By mapping the city's native spaces of leisure & everyday life, this book reconstructs the spatial, material, & gender modernity of 19th century Shanghai, giving the reader a window into the social life of late imperial China. This book argues that modernity first arrived in late 19th century Shanghai via a new spatial configuration."	Samuel Y Liang	NA2543.S6L53 2010"Literacy and intellectual life in the Cherokee nation, 1820-1906  "	"By the 1820s, Cherokees had perfected a system for writing their language--the syllabary created by Sequoyah--and in a short time taught it to virtually all their citizens. Recognizing the need to master the language of the dominant society, the Cherokee Nation also developed a superior public school system that taught students in English. The result was a literate population, most of whom could read the Cherokee Phoenix, the tribal newspaper founded in 1828 and published in both Cherokee and English. English literacy allowed Cherokee leaders to deal with the white power structure on their own terms: Cherokees wrote legal briefs, challenged members of Congress and the executive branch, and bargained for their tribe as white interests sought to take their land and end their autonomy. In addition, many Cherokee poets, fiction writers, essayists, and journalists published extensively after 1850, paving the way for the rich literary tradition that the nation preserves and fosters today. Literary and Intellectual Life in the Cherokee Nation, 1820-1906 takes a fascinating look at how literacy served to unite Cherokees during a critical moment in their national history, and advances our understanding of how literacy has functioned as a tool of sovereignty among Native peoples, both historically and today.--Publisher's description."	James W Parins	E99.C5P27 2013Pantaloons and power : nineteenth-century dress reform in the United States 	"By the early nineteenth century clear definitions had developed regarding how American women and men were supposed to appear in public and how they were meant to lead their lives. As men's style of dress moved from the ornate to the moderate, women's fashions continued to be decorative and physically restrictive. This visible separation of the sexes was paralleled in other arenas - social, cultural, and religious. Some women defied this convention and cut their skirts short, abandoned their corset, and put on trousers. In Pantaloons and Power Gayle V. Fischer depicts how the reformers' denouncement of conventional dress highlighted the role of clothing in the struggle of power relations between the sexes. Wearing pantaloons was considered a subversive act and was often met with social ostracism. Fischer contends that while it was not the goal of many reformers to alter gender relations, as women adopted pantaloons the perception of male and female power relationships blurred, and the boundaries of social roles for women began to shift. This carefully researched interdisciplinary study successfully combines the fields of costume history, women's history, material culture, and social history to tell the story of one highly charged dress reform and its resonance in nineteenth-century society.--Jacket."	Gayle V Fischer	GT610.F57 2001Building a sacred mountain : the Buddhist architecture of China's Mount Wutai 	"By the tenth century CE, Mount Wutai had become a major pilgrimage site within the emerging culture of a distinctively Chinese Buddhism. Famous as the abode of the bodhisattva Majusri (known for his habit of riding around the mountain on a lion), the site in northeastern China's Shanxi Province was transformed from a wild area, long believed by Daoists to be sacred, into an elaborate complex of Buddhist monasteries. In Building a Sacred Mountain, Wei-Cheng Lin traces the confluence of factors that produced this transformation and argues that monastic architecture, more than texts, icons, relics, or pilgrimages, was the key to Mount Wutai's emergence as a sacred site. Departing from traditional architectural scholarship, Lin's interdisciplinary approach goes beyond the analysis of forms and structures to show how the built environment can work in tandem with practices and discourses to provide a space for encountering the divine. Wei-Cheng Lin is assistant professor of Chinese art history at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A well-researched, serious, significant book on fascinating subjects with profound impact on Chinese civilization.--Nancy Steinhardt, University of Pennsylvania--Provided by publisher.;In this interdisciplinary investigation of the architecture of the sacred, Lin traces the confluence of factors that, over a period of several centuries, transformed Mount Wutai in northeastern China's Shanxi Province--a wild area that had long been believed by Daoists to be sacred--into an elaborate complex of Buddhist monasteries. This case study illustrates key steps in the transformation of Buddhism, as the religion's practices, texts, and visual culture evolved from its Indian roots and was adapted to the social milieu and geography of China. By the tenth century C.E., Mount Wutai had become a major Buddhist pilgrimage site, as it was believed to be the abode of the bodhisattva Man_ju__r__ (who rode about the mountain on his hallmark lion), and an entire cave (Mogao Cave 61) depicting the wonders of Mount Wutai was constructed in the famous complex of Buddhist caves near Dunhuang, along the Silk Road. Through analysis of texts, visual art, and architecture, Lin shows how the built environment can provide a space for encountering the divine--Provided by publisher."	Wei-Cheng Lin	DS793.W8222L56 2014Fallible authors : Chaucer's Pardoner and Wife of Bath 	"Can an outrageously immoral man or a scandalous woman teach morality or lead people to virtue? Does personal fallibility devalue one's words and deeds? Is it possible to separate the private from the public, to segregate individual failing from official function? Chaucer addressed these perennial issues through two problematic authority figures, the Pardoner and the Wife of Bath. The Pardoner dares to assume official roles to which he has no legal claim and for which he is quite unsuited. We are faced with the shocking consequences of the belief, standard for the time, that immorality is not necessarily a bar to effective ministry. Even more subversively, the Wife of Bath, who represents one of the most despised stereotypes in medieval literature, the sexually rapacious widow, dispenses wisdom of the highest order. This innovative book places these fallible authors within the full intellectual context that gave them meaning. Alastair Minnis magisterially examines the impact of Aristotelian thought on preaching theory, the controversial practice of granting indulgences, religious and medical categorizations of deviant bodies, theological attempts to rationalize sex within marriage, Wycliffite doctrine that made authority dependent on individual grace and raised the specter of Donatism, and heretical speculation concerning the possibility of female teachers. Chaucer's Pardoner and Wife of Bath are revealed as interconnected aspects of a single radical experiment wherein the relationship between objective authority and subjective fallibility is confronted as never before.--Jacket."	A J Minnis	PR1868.P3M56 2008"Inventing falsehood, making truth : Vico and Neapolitan painting "	"Can painting transform philosophy? In Inventing Falsehood, Making Truth, Malcolm Bull looks at Neapolitan art around 1700 through the eyes of the philosopher Giambattista Vico. Surrounded by extravagant examples of late Baroque painting by artists like Luca Giordano and Francesco Solimena, Vico concluded that human truth was a product of the imagination. Truth was not something that could be observed: instead, it was something made in the way that paintings were made--through the exercise of fantasy.Juxtaposing paintings and texts, Bull presents the masterpieces of late Baroque painting in early eighteenth-century Naples from an entirely new perspective. Revealing the close connections between the arguments of the philosophers and the arguments of the painters, he shows how Vico drew on both in his influential philosophy of history, The New Science. Bull suggests that painting can serve not just as an illustration for philosophical arguments, but also as the model for them--that painting itself has sometimes been a form of epistemological experiment, and that, perhaps surprisingly, the Neapolitan Baroque may have been one of the routes through which modern consciousness was formed--Provided by publisher."	Malcolm Bull	ND1140.B78 2013Caricaturing culture in India : cartoons and history in the modern world 	"Caricaturing Culture in India is a highly original history of political cartoons in India. Drawing on the analysis of newspaper cartoons since the 1870s, archival research and interviews with prominent Indian cartoonists, this ambitious study combines historical narrative with ethnographic testimony to give a pioneering account of the role that cartoons have played over time in political communication, public discourse and the refraction of ideals central to the creation of the Indian postcolonial state. Maintaining that cartoons are more than illustrative representations of news, Ritu Gairola Khanduri uncovers the true potential of cartoons as a visual medium where memories jostle, history is imagined and lines of empathy are demarcated. Placing the argument within a wider context, this thought-provoking book highlights the history and power of print media in debates on free speech and democratic processes around the world, revealing why cartoons still matter today--Provided by publisher.;In September 1993 a devastating earthquake rocked Latur, a district near Mumbai, India. To convey the unprecedented magnitude of this disaster, the mainstream newspaper the Times of India published editorials and photographs; in addition, their internationally famous staff cartoonist, R.K. Laxman, drew a cartoon depicting a human skull and a ravaged hut. A week later, the newspaper's letters to the editor column included an angry reader's note criticizing Laxman's insensitivity at caricaturing human misery--Provided by publisher."	Ritu Gairola Khanduri	NC1710.K46 2014Setting right :bwhat went wrong?  	"Case studies of problematic life experience of individuals, chiefly women of India."	Kiran Bedi	HV6250.3.I4B43 2007Category theory  	"Category theory is a branch of abstract algebra with incredibly diverse applications. This text and reference book is aimed not only at mathematicians but also researchers and students of computer science, logic, linguistics, cognitive science, philosophy, and any other fields in which the ideas are being applied. Containing clear definitions of essential concepts, illuminated with numerous accessible examples, and providing full proofs of all important propositions and theorems, this book aims to make the basic ideas and methods of category theory understandable to a broad readership."	Steve Awodey	QA169.A96 2010"Evangelism and resistance in the Black Atlantic, 1760-1835  "	"Cedrick May looks at the work of a group of pivotal African American writers who helped set the stage for the popularization of African American evangelical texts and the introduction of black intellectualism into American political culture: Jupiter Hammon, Phillis Wheatley, John Marrant, Prince Hall, Richard Allen, and Maria Stewart. Religion gave these writers agency and credibility, says May, and they appropriated the language of Christianity to establish a common ground on which to speak about social and political rights. In the process, these writers spread the principles that enabled slaves and free blacks to form communities, a fundamental step in resisting oppression. Moreover, says May, this institution building was overtly political, leading to a liberal shift in mainstream Christianity and secular politics as black churches and the organizations they launched became central to local communities and increasingly influenced public welfare and policy. This important new study restores a sense of the complex challenges faced by early black intellectuals as they sought a path to freedom through Christianity. - Publisher."	Cedrick May	PS153.N5M2695 2008Wolf centos  	"Centos are a patchwork form that originated around 300 AD; WOLF CENTOS places poets in conversation with one another across centuries and continents. In this volume Muench sutures her poems together with the motifs of the wolf, language, loss, desire, and transformation. The ultimate knowledge of these poems is that as we age and experience loss, we must retain our wildness inside of us--Provided by publisher."	Simone Muench	PS3563.U358W68 2014"Charles Bukowski, king of the underground : from obscurity to literary icon "	"Charles Bukowski was a product of the small press movement, an unparalleled phenomenon in the so-called little magazines that proliferated in the United States during the 60s. His long journey through the 'littles' and the small presses was finally rewarded after bitter battles in the back alleys of the American literary scene. This critical study offers a comprehensive picture of the literary magazines, underground newspapers, and small press publications that had an impact on Charles Bukowski's early career. Abel Debritto draws on archives, privately held, unpublished work, and interviews to shed new light on the ways in which Bukowski became an icon in the alternative literary scene in the 1960s.--Publisher website."	Abel Debritto	PS3552.U4Z626 2013Loitering : new & collected essays 	"Charles D'Ambrosio's essay collection Orphans spawned something of a cult following. In the decade since the tiny limited-edition volume sold out its print run, its devotees have pressed it upon their friends, students, and colleagues, only to find themselves begging for their copy's safe return. For anyone familiar with D'Ambrosio's writing, this enthusiasm should come as no surprise. His work is exacting and emotionally generous, often as funny as it is devastating. Loitering gathers those eleven original essays with new and previously uncollected work so that a broader audience might discover one of our great living essayists. No matter his subject - Native American whaling, a Pentecostal hell house, Mary Kay Letourneau, the work of J.D. Salinger, or, most often, his own family - D'Ambrosio approaches each piece with a singular voice and point of view; each essay, while unique and surprising, is unmistakably his own--Provided by publisher."	Charles D'Ambrosio	PS3554.A469A6 2014Breaking time's arrow : experiment and expression in the music of Charles Ives 	"Charles Ives (1874-1954) moved traditional compositional practice in new directions by incorporating modern and innovative techniques with nostalgic borrowings of 19th century American popular music and Protestant hymns. Matthew McDonald argues that the influence of Emerson and Thoreau on Ives's compositional style freed the composer from ordinary ideas of time and chronology, allowing him to recuperate the past as he reached for the musical unknown. McDonald links this concept of the multi-temporal in Ives's works to Transcendentalist understandings of eternity. His approach to Ives opens new avenues for inquiry into the composer's eclectic and complex style."	Matthew McDonald	ML410.I94M45 2014W.C. Handy : the life and times of the man who made the blues 	"Charts Handy's rise from a rural Alabama childhood to become one of the most celebrated songwriters of the twentieth century, responsible for such iconic songs as St. Louis Blues, Memphis Blues, and Beale Street Blues."	David Robertson	ML410.H18R63 2009"If this isn't nice, what is? : advice to the young : the graduation speeches "	Chiefly consists of selected graduation speeches given by Vonnegut at various educational institutions--Provided by publisher.	Kurt Vonnegut	PS3572.O5A6 2014The complete plays  	"Christopher Marlowe - a possible spy with a reputation for atheism who was murdered in mysterious circumstances - courted danger throughout his life. A sense of the dark forces operating in social and political relationships underlies his work. In Dr. Faustus, a man of great intellect and even greater ambition craves knowledge, and is prepared to sell his soul to the Devil to achieve it. Tamburlaine attempts to satisfy his desire for greatness through his domination over an ever-growing empire, while Edward II upsets the delicate balance of power in the land and plants the seed of his own murder. All the plays here show Marlowe's fascination with the tension between weak and strong, sacred and profane.--Jacket."	Christopher Marlowe	PR2662.R5 2003All the way  	Chronicles the first 11 months of Lyndon Baines Johnson's presidency. The story tells how nation-shifting legislation was accomplished and how the presidency was won in 1964--Director's note.	Robert Schenkkan	PS3569.C4833A5 2014Amerigo : the man who gave his name to America 	"Chronicles the life and times of Florentine explorer Amerigo Vespucci, an obscure adventurer, salesman, sorcerer, and relentless borrower of others' experiences and achievements who gave his name to the continents of the New World."	Felipe Ferna_ndez-Armesto	E125.V5F47 2007Fatal purity : Robespierre and the French Revolution 	"Chronicles the life of French revolutionary Maximilien Robespierre, discussing his personal life, role in the French Revolution, political and military achievements, personal and professional scandals, and other related topics."	Ruth Scurr	DC146.R6S38 2006Classical philosophy  	"Classical Philosophy is the first of a series of books in which Peter Adamson aims ultimately to present a complete history of philosophy, more thoroughly but also more enjoyably than ever before. He offers an accessible, humorous, and detailed look at the emergence of philosophy with the Presocratics, the probing questions of Socrates, and the first full flowering of philosophy with the dialogues of Plato and the treatises of Aristotle. The story is told 'without any gaps', discussing not only such major figures but also less commonly discussed topics like the Hippocratic Corpus, the Platonic Academy, and the role of women in ancient philosophy. Within the thought of Plato and Aristotle, the reader will find in-depth introductions to major works, such as the Republic and the Nicomachean Ethics, which are treated in detail that is unusual in an introduction to ancient philosophy. Adamson looks at fascinating but less frequently read Platonic dialogues like the Charmides and Cratylus, and Aristotle's ideas in zoology and poetics. This full coverage allows him to tackle ancient discussions in all areas of philosophy, including epistemology, metaphysics, philosophy of language, philosophy of science, ethics and politics. Attention is also given to the historical and literary context of classical philosophy, with exploration of how early Greek cosmology responded to the poets Homer and Hesiod, how Socrates was presented by the comic playwright Aristophanes and the historian Xenophon, and how events in Greek history may have influenced Plato's thought.--Publisher's description."	Peter Adamson	B111.A33 2014The complete short stories of Ernest Hemingway : the Finca Vigi_a edition 	"Collects all the stories Hemingway published in his lifetime, those published posthumously, and some that are appearing in print for the first time."	Ernest Hemingway	PS3515.E37A15 1998bxStonehenge revealed  	"Combines a collection of full-color photographs of Stonehenge with the latest archaeological discoveries of who were the people that created the monument, including where they lived, how they survived, and how they amassed their wealth and power."	David Souden	DA142.S66 1997Computational complexity : a conceptual perspective 	"Complexity theory is a central field of the theoretical foundations of computer science, concerned with the general study of the intrinsic complexity of computational tasks. This book offers a conceptual perspective on complexity theory intended to serve as an introduction for advanced undergraduates and graduates."	Oded Goldreich	QA267.7.G65 2008"America's longest war : the United States and Vietnam, 1950-1975 "	"Comprehensive yet concise, America's Longest War provides a complete and balanced history of the Vietnam War. It is not mainly a military history, but seeks to integrate military, diplomatic, and political factors in order to clarify America's involvement and ultimate failure in Vietnam. While it focuses on the American side of the equation, it provides sufficient consideration of the Vietnamese side to make the events comprehensible--Publisher's description."	George C Herring	DS558.H45 2002The mysteries of the Marco Polo maps  	"Concerns a collection of maps and associated documents claimed to be from Marco Polo's time or that of his daughters (as many of the maps have the name or one or another of the three daughters on them). Discusses provenance, authenticity, and history of the documents, known to scholars as the Marco Polo Maps since 1948, here discussed fully for the first time."	Benjamin B Olshin	G370.P9O57 2014Confessions  	"Confessions is a spiritual autobiography of Augustine's early life, family, associations, and explorations of alternative religious and theological viewpoints as he moved toward his conversion. Cast as a prayer addressed to God, it offers a gripping personal story and a philosophical exploration destined to have broad and lasting impact. Aurelius Augustine (354-430 CE), one of the most important figures in the development of western Christianity and philosophy, was the son of a pagan, Patricius of Tagaste, and his Christian wife, Monnica. While studying to become a rhetorician, he plunged into a turmoil of philosophical and psychological doubts, leading him to Manichaeism. In 383 he moved to Rome and then Milan to teach rhetoric. Despite exploring classical philosophical systems, especially skepticism and neoplatonism, his studies of Paul's letters with his friend Alypius, and the preaching of Bishop Ambrose, led in 386 to his momentous conversion from mixed beliefs to Christianity. He soon returned to Tagaste and founded a religious community, and in 395 or 396 became Bishop of Hippo. Confessions, composed ca. 397, is a spiritual autobiography of Augustine's early life, family, personal and intellectual associations, and explorations of alternative religious and theological viewpoints as he moved toward his conversion. Cast as a prayer addressed to God, though always conscious of its readers, Confessions offers a gripping personal story and a philosophical exploration destined to have broad and lasting impact, all delivered with Augustine's characteristic brilliance as a stylist. This edition replaces the earlier Loeb Confessions by William Watts."	 Augustine	BR65.A6E5 2014Midnight at the Barrelhouse : the Johnny Otis story 	"Considered by many to be the godfather of R & B, Johnny Otismusician, producer, artist, entrepreneur, pastor, disc jockey, writer, and tireless fighter for racial equalityhas had a remarkable life by any measure. In this first biography of Otis, George Lipsitz tells the largely unknown story of a towering figure in the history of African American music and culture who was, by his own description, black by persuasion. Born to Greek immigrant parents in Vallejo, California, in 1921, Otis grew up in an integrated neighborhood and identified deeply with black music and culture from an early age. He moved to Los Angeles as a young man and submerged himself in the citys vibrant African American cultural life, centered on Central Avenue and its thriving music scene. Otis began his six-decade career in music playing drums in territory swing bands in the 1930s. He went on to lead his own band in the 1940s and open the Barrelhouse nightclub in Watts. His R & B band had seventeen Top 40 hits between 1950 and 1969, including Willie and the Hand Jive. As a producer and A & R man, Otis discovered such legends as Etta James, Jackie Wilson, and Big Mama Thornton. Otis also wrote a column for the Sentinel, one of L.A.s leading black newspapers, became pastor of his own interracial church, hosted popular radio and television shows that introduced millions to music by African American artists, and was lauded as businessman of the year in a 1951 cover story in Negro Achievements magazine.;Throughout his career Otiss driving passion has been his fearless and unyielding opposition to racial injustice, whether protesting on the front lines, exposing racism and championing the accomplishments of black Americans, or promoting African American musicians. Midnight at the Barrelhouse is a chronicle of a life rich in both incident and inspiration, as well as an exploration of the complicated nature of race relations in twentieth-century America. Otiss total commitment to black culture and transcendence of racial boundaries, Lipsitz shows, teach important lessons about identity, race, and power while encapsulating the contradictions of racism in American society."	George Lipsitz	ML419.O85L56 2010Death in Venice and other tales  	"Contains English translations of twelve stories and novellas by German Nobel Laureate Thomas Mann, featuring the title work about the quest for love and beauty in the midst of decaying splendor."	Thomas Mann	PT2625.A44A2 1999bKant's critique of Spinoza  	"Contemporary philosophers frequently assume that Kant never seriously engaged with Spinoza or Spinozism - certainly not before the break of 'Der Pantheismusstreit', or within the 'Critique of Pure Reason'. Offering an alternative reading of key pre-critical texts and to some of the Critique's most central chapters, Omri Boehm challenges this common assumption. He argues that Kant not only is committed to Spinozism in early essays such as 'The One Possible Basis' and'New Elucidation, ' but also takes up Spinozist metaphysics as Transcendental Realism's most consistent form in the 'Critique of Pure Reason'."	Omri Boehm	B2798.B648 2014Das Cabinet des Dr. Caligari  	"Counter Das Cabinet des Dr. Caligari, with its jagged, stylized sets, evocative shadows, and themes of murder, madness, and delirium, remains the source and essence of German Expressionist Cinema. Fusing carnival spectacle with the paranoia of the psychological thriller, it centers on the haunting, sexually ambivalent presence of Conrad Veidt, as a somnambulist exploited as an instrument of murder by the sinister Dr. Caligari. David Robinson challenges long-accepted versions of the history of reception of Das Cabinet des Dr. Caligari, redefining its relationship to the larger phenomenon of Expressionist art. His reassessment of the relative contributions of director and writer becomes a fascinating detective story, as he investigates in-depth the status and significance of the recently rediscovered scenario for Caligari."	David Robinson	PN1997.C18R63 1997The twilight of human rights law  	"Countries solemnly intone their commitment to human rights, and they ratify endless international treaties and conventions designed to signal that commitment. At the same time, there has been no marked decrease in human rights violations, even as the language of human rights has become the dominant mode of international moral criticism. Posner argues that purposefully unenforceable human rights treaties are at the heart of the world's failure to address human rights violations."	Eric A Posner	K3240.P69 2014The Tao of cricket : on games of destiny and the destiny of games 	"Cricket is an Indian game accidentally discovered by the English, says Ashis Nandy, defying history, in this delightful, original book. He shows how a game that was once identified with the British empire, and was the exclusive preserve of the Victorian gentry, is now more South Asian than English. Aside from a brilliant analysis of the philosophy and rituals of the game, he treats the reader to intriguing psychological profiles of legendary figures of the world of cricket such as W.G. Grace, Douglas Jardine and Ranjitsinhji. As a bonus, there are masterly analyses of detective fiction and popular film and their parallels to cricket. The author also examines the increasing gamesmanship in cricket and the sneaking entry of the modern urban-industrial ethic and mass culture into a game that thrived on its ability to be a living critique of modern life. He argues that the demise of traditional cricket, a game which is more than just a game, may mean the defeat of the idea of the plurality of cultures and the final victory of the modern ideas of nation-state and market. This is a book on cricket that ceases to be so after a point and becomes an informal but systematic analysis of worldviews, ideologies, cultural exchanges and political choices. It is also arguably Nandy's most ambitious book and the one that comes closest to being a statement of his personal philosophy and political credo.--Jacket."	Ashis Nandy	GV928.I4N36 2000b"Dance, consumerism, and spirituality  "	"Dance, Consumerism, and Spirituality exposes and explores the relationships between the consumption of dance related goods, services, and ideas to human spirituality. This non fiction book is important because we find ourselves in a dance moment in time, where dance is proliferating in movies, television, Internet, and retail spaces while and the inherent spiritual power associated with dance is instead being linked with mass consumption. Simply stated, historically dance deeply connects with consumers in ways that extend beyond notions of entertainment--Provided by publisher."	C S Walter	GV1588.6.W35 2014The seven sins of memory : how the mind forgets and remembers 	"Daniel L. Schacter, chairman of Harvard University's Psychology Department and a leading expert on memory, has developed the first framework that describes the basic memory miscues we all encounter. Just like the seven deadly sins, the seven memory sins appear routinely in everyday life. Schacter explains how transience reflects a weakening of memory over time, how absent-mindedness occurs when failures of attention sabotage memory, and how blocking happens when we can't retrieve a name we know well. Three other sins involve distorted memories: misattribution (assigning a memory to the wrong source), suggestibility (implanting false memories), and bias (rewriting the past based on present beliefs). The seventh sin, persistence, concerns intrusive recollections that we cannot forget - even when we wish we could. Although these sins may cause difficulties, as Schacter notes, they're surprisingly vital to a keen mind.--Jacket."	Daniel L Schacter	BF376.S33 2001"The archaeology of early Egypt : social transformations in north-east Africa, 10,000 to 2650 BC "	"David Wengrow explores themes such as the nature of state power, kingship and the inception of writing, illuminating prehistoric social development along the Nile through comparison with neighbouring regions. He also challenges the theoretical isolation of Egyptian prehistory."	D Wengrow	DT61.W456 2006The Israel lobby and U.S. foreign policy  	"Describes how the remarkable level of material and diplomatic support that the United States provides to Israel is due to the influence of the Israel lobby, which has a far-reaching impact on America's foreign policy decisions throughout the Middle East."	John J Mearsheimer	E183.8.I7M428 2007How Congress works and why you should care  	Describes what Congress is and how it works.	Lee Hamilton	JK1021.H36 2004"Lie groups, physics, and geometry : an introduction for physicists, engineers and chemists "	"Describing many of the most important aspects of Lie group theory, this book presents the subject in a hands-on way. Rather than concentrating on theorems and proofs, the book shows the relationship of Lie groups to many branches of mathematics and physics and illustrates these with concrete computations. Many examples of Lie groups and Lie algebras are given throughout the text, with applications of the material to physical sciences and applied mathematics.;The relation between Lie group theory and algorithms for solving ordinary differential equations is presented and shown to be analogous to the relation between Galois groups and algorithms for solving polynomial equations, other chapters are devoted to differential geometry, relativity, electrodynamics, and the hydrogen atom. Problems are given at the end of each chapter so readers can monitor their understanding of the materials. This is a fascinating introduction to Lie groups for graduate and undergraduate students in physics, mathematics, and electrical engineering, as well as researchers in these fields.--Jacket."	Robert Gilmore	QA387.G57 2008Policing terrorism : an executive's guide 	"Description from Brief 01: It has been said that 9/11 changed everything. This is certainly true for local police agencies and other chiefs. It is increasingly clear that federal agencies, such as the FBI and the US Secret Service, can no longer work alone in protecting the United States from further attack. Rather, they must work in partnership with other public and private agencies, and most important, with local police. Local police can identify potential terrorists living or operating in their jurisdictions, they can help protect vulnerable targets, and they can coordinate the first response to terror attacks. These are heavy new responsibilities that significantly expand the workload of already busy departments. Many departments welcome these new responsibilities, but they cannot be shrugged off because elected officials and the public will increasingly expect their police to be prepared."	Graeme R Newman	HV6432.N493 2008"Formas comunes : animalidad, cultura, biopoli_tica "	"Desde ficciones ya clasicas como La pasion segun G.H. de Clarice Lispector o El beso de la mujer arana de Manuel Puig, hasta 2666 de Roberto Bolano o Bajo este sol tremendo de Carlos Busqued, pasando por las reescrituras de los mataderos en la cultura argentina o por las corporalidades inhumanas de Joao Gilberto Noll, lo animal, dice Gabriel Giorgi, emerge como un artefacto que permite leer un reordenamiento mas vasto. A partir de una serie de materiales, que incluye ademas instalaciones y documentales, Formas comunes analiza el cambio de lugar del animal en la cultura como indicador de un desplazamiento clave: el animal empieza a funcionar de modos cada vez mas explicitos como signo politico. Un estudio tan elocuente como actual de una de las figuras mas destacadas de la nueva generacion de intelectuales latinoamericanos.--Back cover."	Gabriel Giorgi	PN56.A64G56 2014Philosophical perspectives on music  	"Designed to introduce music students and musicians to the vitality of music philosophical discourse, Philosophical Perspectives on Music explores diverse accounts of the nature and value of music. It offers an accessible, even-handed consideration of philosophical orientations without advocating any single one, demonstrating that there are a number of ways in which music may reasonably be understood. This unique approach examines the strengths and advantages of each perspective as well as its inevitable shortcomings. Ideal for philosophy of music and philosophy of music education courses, it is also enlightening reading for students of musicology, music theory, and music performance."	Wayne D Bowman	ML3800.B79 1998The air we breathe  	"Detached from the rest of the country on the eve of World War I, the tuberculosis-stricken residents of an Adirondack lakeside sanatorium are housed in accordance with their economic status and languish in their isolation before an enterprising patient initiates a weekly discussion group."	Andrea Barrett	PS3552.A7327A35 2007From luminous hot stars to starburst galaxies  	"Detailed introduction for graduate students and researchers, which connects the astrophysics of massive stars with the extremes of galaxy evolution."	P S Conti	QB806.5.C66 2008Direct cinema : observational documentary and the politics of the sixties 	'Direct Cinema' is a comprehensive study of the seminal 'direct cinema' movement of 1960s America.	Dave Saunders	PN1993.5.U6S313 2007After-affects after-images : trauma and aesthetic transformation in the virtual feminist museum 	"Do artists travel away from or towards trauma? Is trauma encrypted or inscribed in art? Or can aesthetic practices (after-images) bring about transformation of trauma, personal trauma or historical traumas? Can they do this in a way that does not imply cure or resolution of the traces (after-affects) of trauma? How do artists themselves process these traces as participants in and sensors for our life-worlds and histories, and how does the viewer, coming belatedly or from elsewhere, encounter works bearing such traces or seeking forms through which to touch and transform them?"	Griselda Pollock	N72.P73P65 2013Contemporary collecting : the Donna and Howard Stone collection 	"Donna and Howard Stone have collected works of art in all media for more than 30 years, building one of the most distinguished private collections of contemporary art in the country. Much of what they have acquired relates to advanced Minimal and Conceptual strains in the art of the 1960s and 1970s, and the various kinds of artistic practices that these movements inspired in contemporary art. Some of the featured artists include Dan Flavin, Felix Gonzales-Torres, Ellsworth Kelly, Sol LeWitt, Gerhard Richter, Robert Ryman, and Franz West. Highlights from the Stones' extensive collection - including many gifts to the museum's permanent collection - will be the focus of an exhibition at the Art Institute in 2010."	James Rondeau	N6488.5.S73R66 2010Pioneer in Tibet  	"Dr. Albert Shelton was a medical missionary and explorer who spent nearly twenty years in the Tibetan borderlands at the start of the last century. During the Great Game era, the Shelton's sprawling station in Kham was the most remote and dangerous mission on earth. Raising his family in a land of banditry and civil war, caught between a weak Chinese government and the British Raj, Shelton proved to be a resourceful frontiersman. One of the West's first interpreters of Tibetan culture, during the course of his work in Tibet he was praised by the Western press as a family man, revered doctor, respected diplomat, and fearless adventurer. To the American public, Dr. Albert Shelton was Daniel Boone, Wyatt Earp, and the apostle Paul on a new frontier.;Driven by his goal of setting up a medical mission within Lhasa, the seat of the Dalai Lama and a city off-limits to Westerners for hundreds of years, Shelton acted as a valued go-between for the Tibetans and Chinese. Recognizing his work, the Dalai Lama issued Shelton an invitation to Lhasa. Tragically, while finalizing his entry, Shelton was shot to death on a remote mountain trail in the Himalayas. Set against the exciting history of early twentieth century Tibet and China, Pioneer in Tibet offers a window into the life of a dying breed of adventurer.--Jacket."	Douglas A Wissing	DS785.W57 2004Reading Mina Loy's autobiographies : myth of the modern woman 	"Drawing on substantial new archival research, this book challenges the existing critical myth of Loy as a 'modern woman' through an analysis of her unpublished autobiographical prose. Mina Loy's Autobiographies explores this major twentieth century writer's ideas about the 'modern' and how they apply to the 'modernist' writer--based on her engagement with twentieth-century avant-garde aesthetics--and charts how Loy herself uniquely defined modernity in her essays on literature and art. Sandeep Parmar here shows how, ultimately, Loy's autobiographies extend the modernist project by rejecting earlier impressions of avant-garde futurity and newness in favour of a 'late modernist' aesthetic, one that is more pessimistic, inward and interested in the fragmentary interplay between the past and present.--Publisher's website."	Sandeep Parmar	PS3523.O975Z83 2013Ezra Pound's Eriugena  	"Drawing on unpublished notes, drafts and manuscripts amongst the Ezra Pound papers held at Yale University, this book investigates the pivotal role of Eriugena in Pound's thought and, perhaps surprisingly, in his deployment of non-Western philosophical traditions--Publishers website."	Mark S Byron	PS3531.O82Z59 2014No two alike : human nature and human individuality 	"Draws on principles in evolutionary psychology to explore a controversial theory about the source of human personality, challenging current scientific beliefs while examining what can be learned through studies of language, autism, and chimpanzees."	Judith Rich Harris	BF697.H3765 2006Civil examinations and meritocracy in late Imperial China  	"During China's late imperial period (roughly 1400-1900 CE), men would gather by the millions every two or three years outside official examination compounds sprinkled across China. Only one percent of candidates would complete the academic regimen that would earn them a post in the administrative bureaucracy. Civil Examinations assesses the role of education, examination, and China's civil service in fostering the world's first professional class based on demonstrated knowledge and skill.--Jacket."	Benjamin A Elman	JQ1512.Z13E8721115 2013Other people's blood : U.S. immigration prisons in the Reagan decade 	"During the 1980s hundreds of thousands of refugees fled civil wars and death squads in Central America, seeking safe haven in the United States. Instead, thousands found themselves incarcerated in immigration prisons - abused by their jailors and deprived of the most basic legal and human rights. Drawing on declassified government documents and interviews with prison officials, INS staff, and more than 3,000 Central American refugees, Robert S. Kahn reveals how the Department of Justice and its dependent agency, the Immigration and Naturalization Service, intentionally violated federal laws and regulations to deny protection to refugees from El Salvador and Guatemala who were fleeing wars financed by U.S. military aid.;Kahn portrays the chilling reality of daily life in immigration prisons in Texas, Arizona, and Louisiana. Behind the razor-topped prison walls, refugees were not simply denied political asylum; they were beaten, robbed, sexually assaulted, and sometimes tortured by prison guards. Other People's Blood traces the ten-year legal struggle by volunteer prison workers and attorneys to stop the abuse of refugees and to force the Justice Department to concede in court that its treatment of immigrants had violated U.S. laws and the Geneva Conventions for over a decade."	Robert S Kahn	JV6601.K35 1996"Saracens, demons & Jews : making monsters in Medieval art "	"During the crusades, Ethiopians, Jews, Muslims, and Mongols were branded enemies of the Christian majority. Illustrated with strikingly imaginative and still disturbing images, this book reveals the outrageously pejorative ways these rejected social groups were represented--often as monsters, demons, or freaks of nature. Such monstrous images of non-Christians were not rare displays but a routine aspect of medieval public and private life. These images, which reached a broad and socially varied audience across western Europe, appeared in virtually all artistic media, including illuminated manuscripts, stained glass, sculpture, metalwork, and tapestry. Debra Higgs Strickland introduces and decodes images of the monstrous races, from demonlike Jews and man-eating Tartars to Saracens with dog heads or animal bodies. Strickland traces the origins of the negative pictorial code used to portray monsters, demons, and non-Christian peoples to pseudoscientific theories of astrology, climate, and physiognomy, some dating back to classical times. She also considers the code in light of contemporary Christian eschatological beliefs and concepts of monstrosity and rejection.--Jacket."	Debra Higgs Strickland	N5950.S685 2003Mexico  	Each volume begins with excerpts from letters by Catalino written from 1987-1994. Letters in volume one show the hardships of farm life and the devastating effects of a hurricane. Letters in volume two concern life just before the hurricane and provide a glimpse of the return of traditional country life in 1994. Most of each volume is pictorial.	Stephan Ko_hler	F1376.K64 2009Gothic realities : the impact of horror fiction on modern culture 	"Early literary critics feared Gothic's potential to corrupt youth, inspire deviant sexuality, instill heretical beliefs, and encourage antisocial violence. This book examines Gothic and horror fictions over the last three centuries, from their literary foundations to the influence on modern popular culture. Topics covered include homosexuality, interest in paranormal research, and violent school shootings--Provided by publisher."	L Andrew Cooper	PR830.T3C66 2010"The ghosts of evolution : nonsensical fruit, missing partners, and other ecological anachronisms "	"Ecological science is changing because of a recent discovery: Every field, forest, and park is full of living organisms adapted for relationships with creatures that have long been extinct. In this book, the author shows how this idea of missing partners in nature evolved from isolated, curious examples into an idea that is transforming how ecologists understand the entire flora and fauna of the Americas. Barlow's report on a scientific program in its infancy puts the cutting edge of evolutionary thought within the grasp of any amateur naturalist. This book connects modern parks, supermarket produce sections, and even shopping-mall parking lots with remnants of the elephants, camels, giant sloths, rhinos, and lions that once roamed North America."	Connie C Barlow	QH367.B35 2000Education is translation : a metaphor for change in learning and teaching 	"Education Is Translation offers a radical redefinition of the promises and possibilities of teaching and learning. Through an unusual weaving of not only disciplinary but also personal and academic, poetic, and analytical perspectives, Alison Cook-Sather argues that education can be understood as a process of translation through which every learner is both the translator and the subject of her own translation. Drawing on the fields of anthropology, literary theory, psychology, translation studies, and educational theory, she presents in-depth explorations of various educational experiences and provides the insights necessary for the development of rewarding life-long strategies for becoming a more effective teacher and a better learner.;Her analysis reveals how teaching and learning are intimately linked together, how technology can transform learning, and how teachers and learners must reposition themselves in order to achieve the most transformative education.--Jacket."	Alison Cook-Sather	LB1033.5.C68 2006Edward Teller : the real Dr. Strangelove 	"Edward Teller was one of the giants of the nuclear age. Born in 1908, he spent the best part of the Twentieth Century at the forefront of national and international defence strategies, becoming one of its most controversial and powerful scientific figures. Seen by some as a champion of freedom and democracy and by others as an enemy of humanity, few have had as profound an impact on the shape of the post-war world. Never afraid to stand up and be counted, Teller began in the political mainstream but was later assailed as the mastermind of a ruinous arms race - the original Dr. Strangelove who had drawn the world deeper into the Cold War, his effigy burnt by students who branded him a war criminal.;In this biography, Peter Goodchild places Teller firmly in his historical context. He unravels the web of obsessions and character flaws, harsh early experiences and personal and professional frustrations that motivated this complex and enigmatic figure - a man who alienated many of his friends and scientific colleagues while continuing to provide the intellectual lead for politicians, the military and Presidents up until his death in September 2003--Jacket."	Peter Goodchild	QC16.T37G66 2004Elizabeth Bishop's World War II-Cold War view  	"Elizabeth Bishop's World War II - Cold War View offers the first comprehensive portrayal of the poet in mid-century America. The elusive story of Bishop's national, cultural, and literary politics during the World War II - Cold War period finally is brought into sharp focus - as the book traces her life and writing from the war years in Key West through her tenure as the 1949-1950 national poet laureate at the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C. Our understanding of Bishop is completely reshaped by this study's unique ability to easily move back and forth between a wide-ranging cultural critique of mid-century America and a careful, close, and chronological reading of the poet.--Jacket."	Camille Roman	PS3503.I785Z85 2001Louisiana : a novel 	"Ella Townsend, a young African-American anthropologist whose roots are Caribbean, researches Louisiana folk life and discovers not only the world of voodoo and carnival but also the mystical connection of the living and the dead."	Erna Brodber	PR9265.9.B75L68 1997Elmer Bischoff : the ethics of paint 	"Elmer Bischoff (1916-1991) is generally regarded as one of the leaders among the artists in the San Francisco Bay Area who, after contributing to the local emergence of Abstract Expressionism during the 1940s and 50s, shifted the terms of their spectacularly sensual brushwork to recognizable imagery. Bill Berkson writes that if David Park was the classicist of the founding triad of the Bay Area Figurative painters, and Richard Diebenkorn the modernist, Bischoff was the romantic. Designed to accompany a major retrospective of Bischoff's work, this volume is illustrated with duotones and color plates that faithfully capture the subtle variations in shade that characterize the painter's oeuvre. Berkson and Susan Landauer, both of whom knew Bischoff, provide the definitive view of the life, art, and teaching career of this important artist.--Jacket."	Susan Landauer	ND237.B59364L36 2001China : a history 	"Eminently accessible, yet rigorous, this engaging introduction to the political, social, and cultural development of Chinese civilization tells the story of China - from its beginnings to the present day - in a way that goes far beyond simple, misleading accounts of a glorious civilization falling victim and Western and Japanese imperialism or of a supposedly isolated country only recently and reluctantly opening to the outside world. Characteristic of Harold Tanner's presentation is the development and carefully balanced recounting of important themes - such as the ethnic diversity of the early empires, interaction with other civilizations, and the challenge of transforming a multi-ethnic empire into a modern nation-state - that other histories of China omit entirely or discuss only minimally.--Jacket."	Harold Miles Tanner	DS735.T33 2009En atendant & Cesena : a choreographer's score 	"En atendant & Cesena : a choreographer's score is a conversation in which the Belgian choreographer Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker offers the performance theorist and musicologist Bojana Cvejic_ wide-ranging insights into choreography, and into the making of her two most recent large-scale works, En atendant and Cesena (co-authored by Bjorn Schmelzer and visually shaped by Ann Veronica Janssens), which explore the world of Ars Subtilior, the hightly refined musical style of the late fourteenth century. The same special format of scoring by way of narration, analysis, and documentation, devised by the authors as an examination of De Keersmaeker's early works in A Choreeographer's Score : Fase, Rosas danst Rosas, Elena's Aria and Bortok (2012), is enriched here by  the manifold registers and intricacies of a mature style and an elaborate poetics. Thirty years of development in De Keersmaeker's oeuvre have taken place since the times discussed and documented in the first Choreographer's Score.;This second edition comprises a book of interviews, illustrated by numerous drawings, schemes, photos, various choreographic and dramaturgical materials, and post-performance documents, as well as 3 DVDs including demonstrations performed by an excellent cast of dancers from the ensemble Rosas and singers from the ensemble Graindelavoix. As a special feature of the three video interviews, excerpts from the filmed performance in the Papal Palace in Avignon by the filmmakers Olivia Rochette and Gerard-Jan Claes are included. The compound score is accompanied by  a book of photographs by the visual artist Michel Franc_ois, whose gaze stems from his collaborative role in shaping the visual space of En Atendant."	Anne Teresa de Keersmaeker	GV1785.K56K453 2013"Doing our own thing : the degradation of language and music and why we should, like, care "	"Encourages readers to establish a boundary between an acceptable evolution of language and outright language misuse, predicting the consequences of the overuse of street English in contemporary writing, music, and society."	John H McWhorter	PE2808.8.M38 2003Encyclopedia of Native American religions : an introduction 	"Encyclopedia of Native American Religions is a guide to the rich spiritual traditions and practices of Native Americans in the United States and Canada. Included are more than 1,200 entries, alphabetically arranged and fully cross-referenced. Long regarded as quaint curiosities or exotic pagan rites, the religious practices of Native Americans make up a rich, enduring legacy deserving of a place among the great spiritual traditions. Encyclopedia of Native American Religions is a comprehensive resource to these traditions and practices and accords them the respect, status, and attention they deserve. In this edition, new or updated information has been included on such topics as: national and state legislation, such as the Native American Church Bill, which allows the religious use of peyote, and the Religious Freedom Restoration Act; religious rights in the military; sacred sites; sacred use of tobacco; and court cases involving the participation of non-Indians in Native American religious ceremonies, such as the Sun Dance.--Jacket."	Arlene B Hirschfelder	E98.R3H73 2000Equivocation  	"England, 1605: A terrorist plot to assassinate King James I and blow Parliament to kingdom come with 36 barrels of devilish gunpowder! Shagspeare (after a contemporary spelling of the Bard's name) is commissioned by Robert Cecil, the prime minister, to write the true historie of the plot. And it must have witches! The King wants witches! But as Shag and the acting company of the Globe, under the direction of the great Richard Burbage, investigate the plot, they discover that the King's version of the story might, in fact, be a cover-up. Shag and his actors are confronted with the ultimate moral and artistic dilemma. Speak truth to power-and perhaps lose their heads? Or take the money and lie? Is there a third option-equivocation? A high-stakes political thriller with contemporary resonances, EQUIVOCATION gallops from the great Globe to the Tower of London to the halls of Parliament to the heart of Judith, Shag's younger daughter, who finds herself unexpectedly at the very heart of the political, dramatic and-ultimately-human mystery. - from publisher's website."	Bill Cain	PS3553.A387E69 2014Environmental crime : a sourcebook 	"Environmental Crime: A Sourcebook provides ideas, tools, and data to investigate environmental offenses. Burns and Lynch urge readers to recognize the availability of a wide array of data regarding environmental offenses and provide bibliographic tools to locate this data. They also provide data sets and examples of data available from the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and state agencies charged with enforcing environmental laws. Specific sections describe EPA resources, accessing and downloading EPA and other environmental law compliance and violation data, methods of compiling EPA data, actual environmental crime data sets, and research that can be performed using these data. Written in a non-technical manner, the book is designed to provide readers from all backgrounds with an understanding of environmental crime and the avenues by which it can be recognized and researched.--Jacket."	Ronald G Burns	HV6403.B87 2004The war with god : theomachy in Roman imperial poetry 	"Epic and tragedy, from Homer's Achilles and Euripides' Pentheus to Marlowe's Tamburlaine and Milton's Satan, are filled with characters challenging and warring against the gods. Nowhere is the theme of theomachy more frequently and powerfully represented, however, than in the poetry of early imperial Rome, from Ovid's Metamorphoses at the beginning of the century to Statius' Thebaid near its end. This book--the first full-length study of human-divine conflict in Roman literature-- asks why the war against god was so important to the poets of the first century AD and how this understudied period of literary history influenced a larger tradition in Western literature. Drawing on a variety of contexts-- politics, religion, philosophy, and aesthetics--Pramit Chaudhuri argues for the fundamental importance of battles between humans and gods in representing the Roman world. A cast of tyrants, emperors, rebels, iconoclasts, philosophers, and ambitious poets brings to life some of the most extraordinary artistic products of classical antiquity. Based on close readings of the major extant epics and selected tragedies, the book replaces a traditionally Aeneid-centric view of imperial epic with a richer dialogue between Greek and Roman texts, contemporary authors, and diverse genres. The renewed sense of a tradition reveals how the conflicts these works represent constitute a distinctive theology informed by other discourses yet peculiar to epic and tragedy. Beginning with the Greek background and ending with a look ahead to developments in the Renaissance, this book charts the history of a theme that would find its richest expression in a time when men became gods and impiety threatened the very order of the world.--Provided by publisher."	Pramit Chaudhuri	PA6047.C48 2014Conversation : a history of a declining art 	"Essayist Stephen Miller pursues a lifelong interest in conversation by taking an historical and philosophical view of the subject. He chronicles the art of conversation in Western civilization from its beginnings in ancient Greece to its apex in eighteenth-century Britain to its current endangered state in America. As Harry G. Frankfurt brought wide attention to the art of bullshit in his recent bestselling On Bullshit, so Miller now brings the art of conversation into the light, revealing why good conversation matters and why it is in decline. Miller explores the conversation about conversation among such great writers as Cicero, Montaigne, Swift, Defoe, Lady Mary Wortley Montagu, and Virginia Woolf. He focuses on the world of British coffeehouses and clubs in The Age of Conversation and examines how this era ended. Turning his attention to the United States, the author traces a prolonged decline in the theory and practice of conversation from Benjamin Franklin through Hemingway to Dick Cheney. He cites our technology (iPods, cell phones, and video games) and our insistence on unguarded forthrightness as well as our fear of being judgmental as powerful forces that are likely to diminish the art of conversation.--Jacket."	Stephen Miller	P95.45.M54 2006The wilderness warrior : Theodore Roosevelt and the crusade for America 	"Evaluates Theodore Roosevelt's role in launching modern conservationism, identifying the contributions of such influences as James Audubon and John Muir while describing how Roosevelt's exposure to natural wonders in his early life shaped his environmental values.;In this groundbreaking epic biography, Douglas Brinkley draws on never-before-published materials to examine the life and achievements of our naturalist president. By setting aside more than 230 million acres of wild America for posterity between 1901 and 1909, Theodore Roosevelt made conservation a universal endeavor. This crusade for the American wilderness was perhaps the greatest U.S. presidential initiative between the Civil War and World War I. Roosevelt's most important legacies led to the creation of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and passage of the Antiquities Act in 1906. His executive orders saved such treasures as Devils Tower, the Grand Canyon, and the Petrified Forest. Tracing the role that nature played in Roosevelt's storied career, Brinkley brilliantly analyzes the influence that the works of John James Audubon and Charles Darwin had on the young man who would become our twenty-sixth president. With descriptive flair, the author illuminates Roosevelt's bird watching in the Adirondacks, wildlife obsession in Yellowstone, hikes in the Blue Ridge Mountains, ranching in the Dakota Territory, hunting in the Big Horn Mountains, and outdoor romps through Idaho and Wyoming. He also profiles Roosevelt's incredible circle of naturalist friends, including the Catskills poet John Burroughs, Boone and Crockett Club cofounder George Bird Grinnell, forestry zealot Gifford Pinchot, buffalo breeder William Hornaday, Sierra Club founder John Muir, U.S. Biological Survey wizard C. Hart Merriam, Oregon Audubon Society founder William L. Finley, and pelican protector Paul Kroegel, among many others. He brings to life hilarious anecdotes of wild-pig hunting in Texas and badger saving in Kansas, wolf catching in Oklahoma and grouse flushing in Iowa. Even the story of the teddy bear gets its definitive treatment. Destined to become a classic, this extraordinary and timeless biography offers a penetrating and colorful look at Roosevelt's naturalist achievements, a legacy now more important than ever. Raising a Paul Revere-like alarm about American wildlife in peril -- including buffalo, manatees, antelope, egrets, and elk -- Roosevelt saved entire species from probable extinction. As we face the problems of global warming, overpopulation, and sustainable land management, this imposing leader's stout resolution to protect our environment is an inspiration and a contemporary call to arms for us all. - Jacket flap."	Douglas Brinkley	E757.B856 2009Strong religion : the rise of fundamentalisms around the world 	"Examines a variety of antimodernist, antisecular militant religious movements on five continents and within seven world religious traditions, analyzing the social structures, cultural contexts and political ramifications of fundamentalism around the world."	Gabriel A Almond	BL238.A28 2003"Race against the machine : how the digital revolution is accelerating innovation, driving productivity, and irreversibly transforming employment and the economy "	"Examines how information technologies are affecting jobs, skills, wages, and the economy. As one of the most important forces in the economy today, digital technologies are transforming the world of work and are key drivers of productivity and growth."	Erik Brynjolfsson	HC79.I55B79 2011"Epic encounters : culture, media, and U.S. interests in the Middle East since 1945 "	"Examines how popular culture has shaped the ways Americans define their interests in the Middle East. Author McAlister argues that U.S. foreign policy, while grounded in material and military realities, is also developed in a cultural context. American understandings of the region are framed by narratives that draw on religious belief, news media accounts, and popular culture. This book skillfully weaves readings of film, media, and music with a rigorous analysis of U.S. foreign policy, race politics, and religious history.--From publisher description."	Melani McAlister	DS63.2.U5M37 2004The possibility of Inquiry : Meno's Paradox from Socrates to Sextus 	"Examines Meno's paradox, which challenges the possibility of inquiry, and compares replies from Aristotle, the Epicureans, the Stoics, and Sextus Empiricus, in a consideration of the nature of knowledge and justification, the difference between knowledge and belief, varieties in innatism, concepts and meaning, and the scope and limits of experience."	Gail Fine	B187.K7F56 2014The changing faces of Jesus  	"Examines New Testament writings about Jesus as part of first-century Judaism, focusing on the letters of Paul and the Gospel of John, and looking at the process by which interpretations of Jesus changed over the years from a historical figure to the Christian savior."	Geza Verme s	BT202.V44 2001Portraiture and politics in Revolutionary France  	Examines the genre of portraiture and the political and cultural role of images in Revolutionary France. Focuses on portraiture as a privileged site for the elaboration of modern notions of selfhood and political agency--Provided by publisher.	Amy Freund	N7604.F74 2014"Be very afraid : the cultural response to terror, pandemics, environmental devastation, nuclear annihilation, and other threats "	"Examines the human response to existential threats--once a matter for theology, but now looming before us in multiple forms. Nuclear weapons, pandemics, global warming: each threatens to destroy the planet, or at least to annihilate our species. Freud, Wuthnow notes, famously taught that the standard psychological response to an overwhelming danger is denial. In fact, Wuthnow argues, the opposite is true: we seek ways of positively meeting the threat, of doing something--anything--even if it's wasteful and time-consuming. It would be one thing if our responses were merely pointless, Wuthnow observes, but they can actually be harmful.--From publisher description."	Robert Wuthnow	HV551.2.W88 2010Philosophy for militants  	"Examines the relationship between politics and philosophy, outlining the four major ensembles of French and Western society to assess new emancipatory forms of politics and how communism can address key issues.;A philosophical guidebook for the struggles to come. An urgent and provocative account of the modern 'militant', a transformative figure at the front line of emancipatory politics. Around the world, recent events have seen the creation of a radical phalanx comprising students, the young, workers and immigrants. It is Badiou's contention that the politics of such militants should condition the tasks of philosophy, even as philosophy clarifies the truth of our political condition. To resolve the conflicts between politics, philosophy and democracy, Badiou argues for a resurgent communism--returning to the original call for universal emancipation and organizing for militant struggle.--Publisher description."	Alain Badiou	B2430.B273R4513 2012"Picturing the ""pregnant"" Magdalene in northern art, 1430-1550 : addressing and undressing the sinner-saint "	"Examining innovations in Mary Magdalene imagery in northern art 1430 to 1550, Penny Jolly explores how the saint's widespread popularity drew upon her ability to embody oppositions and embrace a range of paradoxical roles: sinner-prostitute and saint, erotic seductress and holy prophet. Analyzing paintings by Rogier van der Weyden, Quentin Massys, and others, Jolly investigates artists' and audiences' responses to increasing religious tensions, expanding art markets, and changing roles for women."	Penny Howell Jolly	ND1432.F57J65 2014One hundred years of homosexuality : and other essays on Greek love 	"Examining love, sex and gender in the ancient Greek world, the author documents the existence in ancient Greece of a radically unfamiliar set of attitudes and behaviours, institutions and social practices."	David M Halperin	HQ76.2.G8H35 1990"The grain market in the Roman Empire : a social, political and economic study "	"Examining studies on food supply and the grain market in pre-industrial Europe, this book addresses questions of productivity, division of labour, market relations and market integration. The social and political aspects of the Roman grain market are also considered."	Paul Erdkamp	HD9045.R572E73 2005Brokering empire : trans-imperial subjects between Venice and Istanbul 	"Explores how diplomatic interpreters, converts, and commercial brokers mediated and helped define political, linguistic, and religious boundaries between the Venetian and Ottoman empires in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries--Author's Web site."	E Natalie Rothman	DG676.97.T9R69 2012"Translating nature into art : Holbein, the Reformation, and Renaissance rhetoric "	Explores how the Renaissance artist Hans Holbein the Younger came to develop his mature artistic styles through the key historical contexts framing his work: the controversies of the Reformation and Renaissance debates about rhetoric--Provided by publisher.	Jeanne Nuechterlein	N6888.H664N84 2011An introduction to medieval philosophy : basic concepts 	"Explores the deeply philosophical character of such medieval thinkers as Augustine, Boethius, Eriugena, Anselm, Aquinas, Bonaventure, Scotus, and Ockham."	Joseph W Koterski	B721.K68 2009Women and gender in Islam : historical roots of a modern debate 	Explores the historical roots of the debate about women in Islamic societies by tracing the developments in Islamic discourses on women and gender up to the present. The book describes the gender systems in place in the Middle East both before and after the rise of Islam.	Leila Ahmed	HQ1784.A67 1992Ancient Egyptian art and architecture : a very short introduction 	"Explores the variety of arts produced in Egypt over a span of 3,500 years. Examining the stories behind these objects and buildings, Riggs looks not only at what they can tell us about ancient Egyptian life, but also how their legacy continues to shape the contemporary world."	Christina Riggs	N5350.R54 2014Exploring Lewis and Clark : reflections on men and wilderness 	"Exploring Lewis and Clark probes beneath the traditional narrative of the journey, looking beyond the perspectives of the explorers themselves to those of the women and the men who accompanied them, as well as of the Indians who met them along the way. It reexamines the journals and what they suggest about Lewis's and Clark's misinterpretations of the worlds they passed through and the people in them. The author portrays Lewis and Clark not as heroes, but as men-bound by cultural prejudices, and blindly hell-bent on achieving their goal. He searches for the woman Sacajawea rather than the icon that she has become. He seeks the historical rather than the legendary York, Clark's slave. He discovers what the various tribes made of the expedition, including the notion that this multiracial, multiethnic group was embarked on a search for spiritual meaning. In this important work of investigative history, Slaughter shines an entirely new light on the famed Lewis and Clark expedition: the journals kept, the lands claimed, the myths cherished, the dreams stolen, the history and identity created. 14 illustrations in text. Most Americans know that Meriwether Lewis and William Clark led our nation's first trans-continental exploratory expedition, which was sent west by President Thomas Jefferson in 1803. Their journey is one of the most celebrated events in American history and one of the most written about. But most of us do not know any more than what the explorers told us, or what they wanted readers of their voluminous journals to know, or anything other than what they understood about themselves and their wilderness experiences. Thomas Slaughter portrays Lewis and Clark not as heroes but as men-brave, bound by cultural prejudices and blindly hell-bent on achieving their goal. Thomas Slaughter shines an entirely new light on an event basic to our understanding of ourselves. He has given us an important work of investigative history."	Thomas P Slaughter	F592.7.S58 2003Polymers : chemistry and physics of modern materials.	"Extensively revised and updated to keep abreast of recent advances, Polymers: Chemistry and Physics of Modern Materials, Third Edition continues to provide a broad-based, high-information text at an introductory, reader-friendly level that illustrates the multidisciplinary nature of polymer science. Adding or amending roughly 50 percent of the material, this new edition strengthens the original's aim to contribute a comprehensive treatment by offering a wide and balanced selection of topics across all aspects of the chemistry and physics of polymer science, from synthesis and physical properties to applications.--Jacket."	J M G Cowie	QD381.C68 2008Beyond repair : the decline and fall of the CIA 	"Faddis discusses the birth of the CIA--then called the Office of Strategic Services--during World War II under Wild Bill Donovan, the twentieth-century American father of spy craft. Donovan's daring would not get him far in today's CIA, Faddis observes. Describing how the twenty-first-century CIA works from the inside out, he paints an unsettling picture of an agency that has truly gone awry--recalling, for example, his own experience in a Middle Eastern country as a chief of station without a qualified Arabic linguist on hand. Faddis concludes by setting forth the main points of a plan for building a new entity. He proposes that this agency draw on the best qualities of the OSS (and readopt its name) while adapting to twenty-first-century needs, and that it be staffed by many of the CIA's finest men and women. This new agency would maintain the midnight watch, so Americans can sleep well at night.--Page 2 of cover."	Charles S Faddis	JK468.I6F32 2010Farber on film : the complete film writings of Manny Farber 	"Farber was a unique figure among American movie critics, and long revered by his peers. This volume covers the spectrum from his early and previously uncollected weekly reviews to his brilliant later essays, and defines his enduring significance as writer and thinker."	Manny Farber	PN1995.F274 2009After Leo Strauss : new directions in platonic political philosophy 	"Few thinkers of the twentieth century studied the fundamental questions of ethics and politics, or penetrated further into the philosophical sources of the moral relativism of our times, more deeply than Leo Strauss. After Leo Strauss is not yet another attempt to explicate, critique, or defend Strauss. Instead, it encourages us to look in new directions, and to escape certain aspects of Strauss's powerful influence, in order to revisit classic texts and make our own judgments about what those texts might mean. Tucker Landy proposes a post-Straussian reading of the Platonic dialogues that is non-esoteric yet respectful of their subtle dramatic-pedagogic form and urges us, in a spirit of Socratic humility, to reexamine ancient and modern theories of natural right to seek possible grounds for reconciliation between them. Landy puts forth a Socratic theory of democratic liberalism as an example of such reconciliation. This book is a breath of fresh air for people like me, who were influenced by Strauss early in their philosophic careers but who refuse to dismiss metaphysics and cosmology, who are wary of the potentially narrowing effects of 'political philosophy, ' and who are open, in their philosophical eros, to the possible truth of revelation and the wisdom of the poets. Tucker Landy gives us a new beginning--a Socrates made young and beautiful.--Peter Kalkavage, author of The Logic of Desire: An Introduction to Hegel's Phenomenology of Spirit. --Provided by publisher."	Tucker Landy	JA71.L238 2014"Fichte and Kant on freedom, rights, and law  "	"Fichte and Kant on Freedom, Rights, and Law provides the first book-length introduction to the theories of these two important thinkers. Gunnar Beck provides a critical analysis of the underlying normative foundations of Fichte's and Kant's theories of rights as the central theme around which the broader discussion is structured, as well as an overview of the metaphysical and epistemological edifice underpinning their thinking. Beck's study demonstrates that Fichte's and Kant's respective theories of law and natural rights call into question the analytical link between autonomy and a rights-based political liberalism in crucial respects. Contrary to received scholarship, Beck concludes that Kant's theory of rights, like Fichte's, contains an unsettling message for many incompletely reasoned contemporary liberal theories of rights, which rarely discuss those additional ontological, epistemological, and psychological foundations on which the defense of liberal individualistic rights ultimately rests. Fichte and Kant on Freedom, Rights, and Law is an essential book for scholars of these two philosophers.--Jacket."	Gunnar Beck	JC585.B363 2008A Cold War state of mind : brainwashing and postwar American society 	"First popularized during the 1950s, the concept of brainwashing is often viewed as an example of Cold War paranoia, an amusing relic of a bygone era. Yet as Matthew W. Dunne shows in this study, over time brainwashing came to connote much more than a sinister form of Communist mind control, taking on broader cultural and political meanings. Moving beyond well-known debates over Korean War POWs and iconic cultural texts like The Manchurian Candidate, Dunne explores the impact of the idea of brainwashing on popular concerns about freedom, individualism, loyalty, and trust in authority. By the late 1950s the concept had been appropriated into critiques of various aspects of American life such as an insistence on conformity, the alleged softening of American men, and rampant consumerism fueled by corporate advertising that used hidden or subliminal forms of persuasion. Because of these associations and growing anxieties about the potential misuse of psychology, concerns about brainwashing contributed to a new emphasis on individuality and skepticism toward authority in the 1960s. The notion even played an unusual role in the 1968 presidential race, when Republican frontrunner George Romney's claim that he had been brainwashed about the Vietnam War by the Johnson administration effectively destroyed his campaign. In addition to analyzing the evolving meaning of brainwashing over an extended period of time, A Cold War State of Mind explores the class and gender implications of the idea, such as the assumption that working-class POWs were more susceptible to mind control and that women were more easily taken in by the manipulations of advertisers.--Publisher's website."	Matthew W Dunne	E169.12.D859 2013Beyond the mother tongue : the postmonolingual condition 	"Focused on canonical and minority writers working in German in the twentieth century, Beyond the Mother Tongue examines distinct forms of multilingualism, such as writing in one socially unsanctioned 'mother tongue' about another language (Franz Kafka); mobilizing words of foreign derivation as part of a multilingual constellation within one language (Theodor W. Adorno); producing an oeuvre in two separate languages simultaneously (Yoko Tawada); and mixing different languages, codes, and registers within one text (Feridun Zaimoglu). Through these analyses, Beyond the Mother Tongue suggests that dimensions of gender, kinship, and affect encoded in the 'mother tongue' are crucial to the persistence of monolingualism and the challenge of multilingualism. -- BOOK JACKET."	Yasemin Yildiz	PT405.Y55 2012"Art in a season of revolution : painters, artisans, and patrons in early America "	"Focusing on the rich heritage of art-making in the eighteenth century, this illustrated book positions both wall-known painters and unknown artisans within the framework of their economic lives, their families, and the geographies through which they moved as they created notable careers and memorable objects. In considering painting and decorative arts simultaneously, Art in a Season of Revolution departs from standard practice and resituates painters as artisans. Moreover, it gives equal play to the lives of the makers and the lives of the objects, studying both within the interdependent social and economic webs linking local and distant populations of workers, theorists, suppliers, and patrons throughout the mercantile Atlantic. Art in a Season of Revolution illuminates the participation of pictures, objects, and makers in their cultures. It invites historians to look at the material world as a source of evidence in their pursuit of even very abstract concerns such as the nature of virtue, the uses of identity, and the experience of time. Arguing in favor of a more complex approach to research at the nexus of aesthetic and ideological concerns, this provocative book challenges established frameworks for understanding the production of art in British America during the tumultuous decades bracketing the Revolution.--Jacket."	Margaretta M Lovell	N6515.L68 2005Printmaking off the beaten track  	"Following on from his previous books Printmaking at the Edge and Critical Mass, Richard Noyce ventures once more beyond familiar centres of art production to explore printmaking off the beaten track. His journey covers the art of a breathtakingly diverse set of regions, from the Middle East, India, Pakistan and Nepal, to the Eastern Mediterranean, south-eastern Europe and the Balkans and more besides. Some of the countries featured have long traditions of using print techniques in their historic and contemporary art but are rarely, if ever, included in international competitions or art journals. This rich and compelling resource reveals the innovative and exciting approaches of printmakers around the world and gives readers the opportunity to compare art from different places, challenging our understanding of the means and forms of expression in printmaking, and its place in the contemporary visual arts. This book will satisfy curiosity amongst artists, printmakers, students and art lovers about printmaking being done in countries unfamiliar to them.--Publisher's description."	Richard Noyce	NE495.N69 2013Terrible honesty : mongrel Manhattan in the 1920s 	"Follows the cultural development of New York City in the 1920s, highlighting the contributions of several artists such as Dorothy Parker, Duke Ellington, Langston Hughes, and Irving Berlin."	Ann Douglas	F128.5.D68 1995The sacred routes of Uyghur history  	"For 250 years, the Turkic Muslims of Altishahr--the vast desert region to the northwest of Tibet--have led an uneasy existence under Chinese rule. Today they call themselves Uyghurs, and they have cultivated a sense of history and identity that challenges Beijing's official national narrative. Rian Thum argues that the roots of this history run deeper than recent conflicts, to a time when manuscripts and pilgrimage dominated understandings of the past. Beyond broadening our knowledge of tensions between the Uyghurs and the Chinese government, this meditation on the very concept of history probes the limits of human interaction with the past. Uyghur historical practice emerged from the circulation of books and people during the Qing Dynasty, when crowds of pilgrims listened to history readings at the tombs of Islamic saints. Over time, amid long journeys and moving rituals, at oasis markets and desert shrines, ordinary readers adapted community-authored manuscripts to their own needs. In the process they created a window into a forgotten Islam, shaped by the veneration of local saints. Partly insulated from the rest of the Islamic world, the Uyghurs constructed a local history that is at once unique and assimilates elements of Semitic, Iranic, Turkic, and Indic traditions--the cultural imports of Silk Road travelers. Through both ethnographic and historical analysis, The Sacred Routes of Uyghur History offers a new understanding of Uyghur historical practices, detailing the remarkable means by which this people reckons with its past and confronts its nationalist aspirations in the present day."	Rian Richard Thum	DS731.U4T48 2014Taming the gods : religion and democracy on three continents 	"For eight years the president of the United States was a born-again Christian, backed by well-organized evangelicals who often seemed intent on erasing the church-state divide. In Europe, the increasing number of radicalized Muslims is creating widespread fear that Islam is undermining Western-style liberal democracy. And even in polytheistic Asia, the development of democracy has been hindered in some countries, particularly China, by a long history in which religion was tightly linked to the state. Ian Buruma is the first writer to provide a sharpeyed look at the tensions between religion and politics on three continents. Drawing on many contemporary and historical examples, he argues that the violent passions inspired by religion must be tamed in order to make democracy work. Comparing the United States and Europe, Buruma asks why so many Americans - and so few Europeans - see religion as a help to democracy. Turning to China and Japan, he disputes the notion that only monotheistic religions pose problems for secular politics. Finally, he reconsiders the story of radical Islam in contemporary Europe, from the case of Salman Rushdie to the murder of Theo van Gogh. Sparing no one, Buruma exposes the follies of the current culture war between defenders of Western values and multiculturalists, and explains that the creation of a democratic European Islam is not only possible, but necessary.--Book jacket."	Ian Buruma	BL65.S8B87 2010Ask the beasts : Darwin and the God of love 	"For millennia plant and animal species have received little sustained attention as subjects of Christian theology and ethics in their own right. Focused on the human dilemma of sin and redemptive grace, theology has considered the doctrine of creation to be mainly an overture to the main drama of human being's relationship to God. What value does the natural world have within the framework of religious belief? The crisis of biodiversity in our day, when species are going extinct at more than 1,000 times the natural rate, renders this question acutely important. Standard perspectives need to be realigned; theology needs to look out of the window, so to speak as well as in the mirror. Ask the Beasts: Darwin and the God of Love leads to the conclusion that love of the natural world is an intrinsic element of faith in God and that far from being an add-on, ecological care is at the centre of moral life, --Amazon.com."	Elizabeth A Johnson	BT695.5.J63 2014The most dangerous book : the battle for James Joyce's Ulysses 	"For more than a decade, the book that literary critics now consider the most important novel in the English language was illegal to own, sell, advertise or purchase in most of the English-speaking world. James Joyce's big blue book, Ulysses, ushered in the modernist era and changed the novel for all time. But the genius of Ulysses was also its danger: it omitted absolutely nothing. All of the minutiae of Leopold Bloom's day, including its unspeakable details, unfold with careful precision in its pages. The New York Society for the Suppression of Vice immediately banned the novel as obscene, lewd, and lascivious. Joyce, along with some of the most important publishers and writers of his era, had to fight for years to win the freedom to publish it. The Most Dangerous Book tells the remarkable story surrounding Ulysses, from the first stirrings of Joyce's inspiration in 1904 to its landmark federal obscenity trial in 1933."	Kevin Birmingham	PR6019.O9U6257 2014Enough : why the world's poorest starve in an age of plenty 	"For more than thirty years, humankind has known how to grow enough food to end chronic hunger worldwide. Yet while the Green Revolution succeeded in South America and Asia, it never got to Africa. More than 9 million people die of hunger, malnutrition, and related diseases every year--most of them in Africa and most of them children. More die of hunger in Africa than from AIDS and malaria combined. Now, an impending global food crisis threatens to make things worse. In the west we think of famine as a natural disaster, brought about by drought, or as the legacy of brutal dictators. But in this powerful investigative narrative, Thurow & Kilman show exactly how, in the past few decades, American, British, and European policies conspired to keep Africa hungry and unable to feed itself.--From publisher description."	Roger Thurow	HC800.Z9P6285 2009Asbestos and fire : technological tradeoffs and the body at risk 	"For much of the industrial era, asbestos was a widely acclaimed benchmark material. During its heyday, it was manufactured into nearly three thousand different products, most of which protected life and property from heat, flame, acids, and electricity. It was used in virtually every industry from hotel keeping to military technology to chemical manufacturing, and was integral to building construction from shacks to skyscrapers in every community across the United States. Beginning in the mid-1960s, however, this once popular mineral began a rapid fall from grace as growing attention to the serious health risks associated with it began to overshadow the protections and benefits it provided. In this book, Rachel Maines challenges the recent vilification of asbestos by providing a historical perspective on Americans' changing perceptions about risk. She suggests that the very success of asbestos and other fire-prevention technologies in containing deadly blazes has led to a sort of historical amnesia about the very risks they were supposed to reduce. As technology offers us ever-increasing, opportunities to protect and prevent, Maines urges that learning to accept and effectively address the unintended consequences of technological innovations is a growing part of our collective responsibility.--Jacket."	Rachel Maines	TA455.A6M33 2005The Cambridge introduction to theatre historiography  	"For students and teachers of theatre history alike, this introduction provides a detailed analysis of the methods and challenges of historical research in the performing arts."	Thomas Postlewait	PN2101.P67 2009The foundation : a great American secret : how private wealth is changing the world 	"Foundations are a peculiarly American institutions. They have been the dynamo of social change since the beginning of the last century.;Yet they are cloaked in secrecy - their decision-making and operations are inscrutable to the point of obscurity, leaving them substantially unaccountable.;Joel Fleishman has been in and around foundations for almost half a century, running them, sitting on their boards, and seeking grants from them.;In this book, he explains the history of foundations and focuses on some of the most successful foundation initiatives and on how some foundations have failed in their mission.;Joel Fleishman shows how foundations can, and must, continue to provide a vital spur to the engine of the America, and the world's, socio-economy - if they are properly established and run.--Jacket."	Joel L Fleishman	HV97.A3F54 2007Foundations of intensional semantics  	"Foundations of Intensional Semantics will be of interest to students and researchers in formal semantics, computational linguistics, logic, artificial intelligence, and the philosophy of language.--Jacket."	Chris Fox	P325.F657 2005Framing American divorce : from the revolutionary generation to the Victorians 	"Framing American Divorce is a boldly innovative exploration of the multiple meanings of divorce in American life during the formative years of both the nation and its law, roughly 1770 to 1870. Drawing on a wide array of sources, Basch enriches and complicates our understanding of the development of divorce law by telling her story from three discrete but overlapping perspectives. In Rules she tracks the broad public debate and legislation over the appropriate grounds for and long-term consequences of divorce. Mediations shifts to a close-up analysis of the way ordinary women and men tested the rules in the county courts. And Representations charts the spiraling imagery of divorce through stories that made their way into American popular culture."	Norma Basch	HQ833.B37 1999"Franz Boas : the early years, 1858-1906 "	"Franz Boas: The Early Years, 1858-1906, is a personal and intellectual biography of one of the most influential anthropologists of the twentieth century, from his childhood in Germany to his resignation from the American Museum of Natural History in New York. Douglas Cole's thorough account of Boas's early life and career is unprecedented in drawing extensively from the vast collection of Boas's personal and professional papers at the American Philosophical Society in Philadelphia. The Boas family's lifelong habit of writing frequent, frank, and informative letters allows a rich and intimate look at Boas's childhood, family, schooling, and marriage, as well as his early expeditions among the Central Eskimo and Northwest Coast Indians and his struggle to establish a position for himself in American anthropology.--Jacket."	Douglas Cole	GN21.B56C65 1999The Kraus project : essays : a bilingual edition 	"Franzen presents new translations and annotations of the work of early twentieth-century satirist Karl Kraus, who, via his self-published magazine Die Fackel, attacked the popular media's manipulation of reality, the dehumanizing machinery of technology and consumer capitalism, and the jingoistic rhetoric of a fading empire--Dust jacket flap."	Karl Kraus	PT2621.R27A2 2013Joseph Conrad and the anxiety of knowledge  	"Freedman argues the perplexing elusiveness of Conrad's fiction is the consequence of a pervasive ambivalence toward threatening knowledge, a protective reluctance and recoil that are not only inscribed in Conrad's tales and novels, but repeatedly declared, defended, and explained in his letters and essays. Conrad's narrators and protagonists often set out on an apparent quest for hidden knowledge or are drawn into one. But repelled or intimidated by the looming consequences of their own curiosity and fervor, they protectively obscure what they have barely glimpsed or else retreat to an armory of practiced distractions. The result is a confusingly choreographed dance of approach and withdrawal, fascination and revulsion, revelation and concealment. The riddling contradictions of these fictions are thus in large measure the result of this ambivalence, their evasiveness the mark of intimidation's triumph over fascination. The idea of dangerous and forbidden knowledge is at least as old as Genesis, and Freedman provides a background for Conrad's recoil from full exposure in the rich admonitory history of such knowledge in theology, myth, philosophy, and literature. He traces Conrad's impassioned, at times pleading case for protective avoidance in the writer's letters, essays, and prefaces, and he elucidates its enactment and its connection to Conrad's signature evasiveness in a number of short stories and novels, with special attention to The Secret Agent, Heart of Darkness, Lord Jim, Under Western Eyes, and The Rescue.--Publisher's description."	William Freedman	PR6005.O4Z7235 2014Radio Benjamin  	"From 1927 to 1933, Walter Benjamin wrote and presented more than eighty broadcasts over the new medium of radio. Radio Benjamin gathers, for the first time in English, the surviving transcripts. This eclectic collection shows the range of Benjamin's thinking and includes stories for young and old, plays, readings, book reviews, a novella, and discussions of topics ranging from finding a job to the architecture of Berlin to an account of the railway disaster at the Firth of Tay. Delightful and incisive, this is Walter Benjamin directing his sophisticated thinking to a mass audience--Provided by publisher."	Walter Benjamin	PT2603.E455A26 2014Village life in modern Japan : an environmental perspective 	"From an environmentalist perspective, the book examines the life world of villagers in modern Japan and their wisdom in daily life, with the focus on their religious life, preparation for natural disasters, irrigation systems, maintenance methods of forests and changing village structures. With ample ethnographic illustrations, the author explores the potential of indigenous philosophy rooted in rural life and a fresh form of communalism in Japan.--Publisher."	Akira Furukawa	HT421.F85513 2007The spirit in the gene : humanity's proud illusion and the laws of nature 	"From famines and deforestation to water pollution, global warming, and the rapid rate of extinction of plants and animals - the extent of the global damage wrought by humankind is staggering. Why have we allowed our environment to reach such a crisis? What produced the catastrophic population explosion that so taxes the earth's resources?;Reg Morrison's search for answers led him to ponder our species' astonishing evolutionary success. His book describes how a spiritual outlook combined with a capacity for rational thought have enabled Homo sapiens to prosper through the millennia. It convincingly depicts these traits as part of our genetic makeup - and as the likely cause of our ultimate downfall against the inexorable laws of nature. The book will change the way readers think about human evolution and the fate of our species."	Reg Morrison	QH457.M67 1999Hypertext 3.0 : critical theory and new media in an Era of Globalization 	"From Intermedia to Microcosm, Storyspace, and the Web, Landow offers information about the kinds of hypertext, different modes of linking, attitudes toward technology, and the proliferation of pornography and gambling on the Internet. He also includes new material on developing Internet-related technologies."	George P Landow	PN81.L28 2006"Gender, sexuality, and material objects in English Renaissance verse  "	"From publisher description: This study analyzes female- and male-authored lyrics to illuminate how gender and sexuality inflected sixteenth- and seventeenth-century poets' conceptualization of relations among people and things, human and non-human subjects and objects. Pamela S. Hammons examines lyrics from both manuscript and print collections--including the verse of authors ranging from Robert Herrick, John Donne, and Ben Jonson to Margaret Cavendish, Lucy Hutchinson, and Aemilia Lanyer--and situates them in relation to legal theories, autobiographies, biographies, plays, and epics ... Hammons exposes the poetic strategies sixteenth- and seventeenth-century English women used to assert themselves as subjects of property and economic agents--in relation to material items ranging from personal property to real estate--despite the dominant patriarchal ideology insisting they were ideally temporary, passive vehicles for men's wealth. The study details how women imagined their multiple, complex interactions with the material world: the author shows that how a woman poet represents herself in relation to material objects is a flexible fiction she can mobilize for diverse purposes. Because this book analyzes men's and women's poems together, it isolates important gendered differences in how the poets envision human subjects' use, control, possession, and ownership of things and the influences, effects, and power of things over humans. It also adds to the increasing evidence for the pervasiveness of patriarchal anxieties associated with female economic agency in a culture in which women were often treated as objects."	Pamela S Hammons	PR535.G45H36 2010"Acts of desire : women and sex on stage, 1800-1930 "	"From seduced maidens to adulterous wives, bigamists, courtesans, kept women and streetwalkers, the so-called 'fallen woman' was a ubiquitous and enduring figure on the Victorian and Edwardian stage. Acts of Desire traces the theatrical representation of illicit female sexuality from early nineteenth-century melodramas, through sensation dramas, Ibsenite sex-problem plays and suffrage dramas, to early social realism and the well-made plays of Pinero, Jones, Maugham, and Coward. This study reveals and analyses enduring plot lines and tropes that continue to influence contemporary theatre and film. Women's illicit desires became a theatrical focus for anxieties and debates surrounding gender roles, women's rights, sexual morality, class conflict, economics, eugenics, and female employment. The theatre played a central role in both establishing and challenging sexual norms, and many playwrights exploited the ambiguities and implications of performance to stage disruptive spectacles of female desire, agency, energy, and resourcefulness, using ingenuity and skill to evade the control of that ever watchful state censor, the Lord Chamberlain. Covering an astonishing range of theatrical, social, literary, and political texts, this study challenges the currency and validity of the long-established critical term 'the fallen woman', and establishes the centrality of the theatre to cultural and sexual debates throughout the period. Acts of Desire encompasses published and unpublished plays, archival material, censorship records, and contemporary reviews to reveal the surprising continuities, complex debates, covert meanings, and exuberant spectacles which marked the history of theatrical representations of female sexuality. Engaging with popular and 'high art' performances, this study also reveals the vital connections between theatre and its sister arts, tracing the exchange of influences between Victorian drama, narrative painting and the novel, and showing theatre to be a crucial but neglected element in the cultural history of women's sexuality. -- Book jacket.;Encompasses over 130 years of theatre history ; Draws on a wealth of archival material, including unpublished plays, contemporary reviews, and censorship records, presenting some material for the first time ; Sheds light on the often overlooked role of the theatre in the history of nineteenth-century sexuality and literature ; Challenges the currency and validity of the long-established critical term 'the fallen woman' ; Reveals the connections and cross-influences between nineteenth-century theatre, visual arts and the novel."	Sos Eltis	PR635.W6E45 2013Architecture of Greece  	"From the Acropolis and the Temple of Zeus to the National Library and the University of Athens, this volume examines both the aesthetic design and cultural/social functions of 61 noted architectural landmarks throughout the nation of Greece. Art historian Janina K. Darling discusses how each structure or project was designed and built, and provides a detailed yet assessable description of architectural elements. Darling's entries combine an architectural reading with the larger context of the region's cultural history. An introductory essay, glossary, geographic index, and subject index add to this vastly interesting volume.--Jacket."	Janina K Darling	NA1091.D37 2004Thucydides and the idea of history  	"From the eighteenth century onwards, the ancient Greek writer Thucydides (c 460 - c 395 BCE) was viewed as the most important classical historian. He was acclaimed not only as a vital source for reconstructing antiquity but as a purveyor of timeless political wisdom. His name is almost inescapable in nineteenth-century discussions of history's nature and purpose. And his spirit, or the image of him constructed by German historicists, remains a significant presence in more recent debates about historical method. It is remarkable, then, that the trajectory of Thucydides' modern reception has never been properly studied. Neville Morley here sets right that neglect. He examines different aspects of the reception of Thucydides within modern western historiography, casting fresh light on ideas about history and the historian in the contemporary world. His nuanced readings illuminate changing notions of the nature and purpose of history and of the historian's proper task. This latest volume in the I.B.Tauris New Directions in Classics series makes a bold and significant contribution to understandings of how to reclaim the past.- Publisher."	Neville Morley	DF229.T6M675 2014A dark rose : love in Eudora Welty's stories and novels 	"From the heartbroken protagonist she depicted in her first published story, Death of a Traveling Salesman, to the reflective widow she described in her last novel, The Optimist's Daughter, Eudora Welty wrote realistically about the shadows and radiance of love. In a meticulous exploration of this theme, Sally Wolff combines new readings of Welty's fiction with biography and contextual information drawn from Wolff's nineteen-year friendship with the author. A signature image in most of Welty's fiction, the rose imparts symbolic power as it places Welty in the age-old tradition of love literature. Wolff argues that the dark rose--from the height of its brilliance to the end of its life--serves as a deft metaphor for the dichotomies Welty presents, equally suggestive of beauty and sadness, and the comic, tragic, and mysterious qualities of love. While some of Welty's characters are clearly autobiographical renderings--a daughter remembering her parents' marriage, or a broodingly hopeful member of a large family wedding--at other times, Welty analyzes from afar the dynamics of successful and troubled loving relationships. Although Welty fell in love more than once during her life, she never married, and Wolff argues that writing from the vantage point of the unattached gave Welty an objective perspective from which to examine in her fiction the varied dimensions of love. A Dark Rose navigates effortlessly among texts and examines Welty's portrayal of love in all its nuance and intricacy. Though love in Welty's fiction may fail, wear thin, or quietly take the hand of that grimmest of bridegrooms--death--it nonetheless remains a vital force, alive in the heart.--Publisher's description."	Sally Wolff	PS3545.E6Z977 2015All the light we cannot see : a novel 	"From the highly acclaimed, multiple award-winning Anthony Doerr, a stunningly ambitious and beautiful novel about a blind French girl and a German boy whose paths collide in occupied France as both try to survive the devastation of World War II. Marie Laure lives with her father in Paris within walking distance of the Museum of Natural History where he works as the master of the locks (there are thousands of locks in the museum). When she is six, she goes blind, and her father builds her a model of their neighborhood, every house, every manhole, so she can memorize it with her fingers and navigate the real streets with her feet and cane. When the Germans occupy Paris, father and daughter flee to Saint-Malo on the Brittany coast, where Marie-Laure's agoraphobic great uncle lives in a tall, narrow house by the sea wall. In another world in Germany, an orphan boy, Werner, grows up with his younger sister, Jutta, both enchanted by a crude radio Werner finds. He becomes a master at building and fixing radios, a talent that wins him a place at an elite and brutal military academy and, ultimately, makes him a highly specialized tracker of the Resistance. Werner travels through the heart of Hitler Youth to the far-flung outskirts of Russia, and finally into Saint-Malo, where his path converges with Marie-Laure. Doerr's gorgeous combination of soaring imagination with observation is electric. Deftly interweaving the lives of Marie-Laure and Werner, Doerr illuminates the ways, against all odds, people try to be good to one another. Ten years in the writing, All the Light We Cannot See is his most ambitious and dazzling work.--Publisher information."	Anthony Doerr	PS3604.O34A77 2014Divine nothingness : poems 	"From the National Book Award-winning author of This Time, a new volume of poems that explore the very nature of existence. Divine Nothingness is a meditative reflection on the poet's past and an elegy to love and the experience of the senses in the face of mortality. From the Jersey side of the Delaware River in Lambertville, Gerald Stern explores questions about who and why we are, locating nothingness in the divine and the divine in nothingness--Provided by publisher."	Gerald Stern	PS3569.T3888A6 2015"The great American symphony : music, the Depression, and war "	"From the Publisher: The years of the Great Depression, World War II, and their aftermath brought a sea change in American music. This period of economic, social, and political adversity can truly be considered a musical golden age. In the realm of classical music, Aaron Copland, Samuel Barber, Howard Hanson, Virgil Thompson, and Leonard Bernstein-among others-produced symphonic works of great power and lasting beauty during these troubled years. It was during this critical decade and a half that contemporary writers on American culture began to speculate about the Great American Symphony and looked to these composers for music that would embody the spirit of the nation. In this volume, Nicholas Tawa concludes that they succeeded, at the very least, in producing music that belongs in the cultural memory of every American. Tawa introduces the symphonists and their major works from the romanticism of Barber and the all-American Roy Harris through the theatrics of Bernstein and Marc Blitzstein to the broad-shouldered appeal of Thompson and Copland. Tawa's musical descriptions are vivid and personal, and invite music lovers and trained musicians alike to turn again to the marvelous and lasting music of this time."	Nicholas E Tawa	ML1255.T39 2009Tree gardens : architecture and the forest 	"From their early use as protective shelter to the felling of thousands of trees to harvest wood and create farmland, to more recent attempts at conservation, trees remain one of mankind's greatest resources. But aside from their purely practical uses, trees are appreciated for their beauty and have long served as important elements in designed landscapes. Tree Gardens is the first book to focus on what author Gina Crandell calls the largest living architectural structures, masses of trees that form expressive spaces on sites all over the world. Each case study, from the grand park at Versailles, to New York City's 9/11 Memorial Forest, explains how the scale, context, species, and spacing of trees on a particular site establish its expressive structure. Projects range from ten to thousands of trees on sites both pristine and post-industrial as well as urban and remote. Landscapes include historical and contemporary works by such well-known designers as Frederick Law Olmsted, Andre_ Le Notre, C. Th. Sorensen, Daniel Kiley, Peter Walker, and Michael Van Valkenburgh. Featuring engaging text and beautiful images, this much-needed book combines useful how-to aspects of tree planting with theoretical discourse on tree garden design and will be an important resource for students, landscape architects, and horticulturists alike.--Publisher's website."	Gina Crandell	SB475.9.F67C73 2013Smart mobs : the next social revolution 	"From Tokyo to Helsinki, Manhattan to Manila, Rheingold takes readers on a journey around the world for a preview of the next techno-cultural shift--a shift he predicts will be as dramatic as the widespread adoption of the PC in the 1980s and the Internet in the 1990s. The coming wave, says Rheingold, is the result of super-efficient mobile communications."	Howard Rheingold	HM851.R47 2002"Being, humanity, and understanding : studies in ancient and modern societies "	"G. E.R. Lloyd explores the variety of ideas and assumptions that humans have entertained concerning three main topics: being, or what there is; humanity --what makes a human being a human; and understanding, both of the world and of one another. Amazingly diverse views have been held on these issues by different individuals and collectivities in both ancient and modern times. Lloyd juxtaposes the evidence available from ethnography and from the study of ancient societies, both to describe that diversity and to investigate the problems it poses. Many of the ideas in question are deeply puzzling, even paradoxical, to the point where they have often been described as irrational or frankly unintelligible. Many implicate fundamental moral issues and value judgements, where again we may seem to be faced with an impossible task in attempting to arrive at a fair-minded evaluation. How far does it seem that we are all the prisoners of the conceptual systems of the collectivities to which we happen to belong? To what extent and in what circumstances is it possible to challenge the basic concepts of such systems? 'Being, Humanity, and Understanding' examines these questions cross-culturally and seeks to draw out the implications for the revisability of some of our habitual assumptions concerning such topics as ontology, morality, nature, relativism, incommensurability, the philosophy of language, and the pragmatics of communication--Publisher's description, p. [4] of dust jacket."	G E R Lloyd	BD331.L66 2012Rhapsody for the theatre  	"Gathers most of Alain Badiou's writings on theatre, including ... reflections on his own art as a playwright and its relation to his work as a philosopher.--Page vii, Introduction."	Alain Badiou	PN2039.B243 2013Creative nonfiction : researching and crafting stories of real life 	"Gerard covers everything from getting the assignment to conducting a stirring interview to working with an editor - including how to go where the story lives to experience the first-hand emotional facts - sights, smells, sounds - that will give your story immediacy; find the right form for the story you want to tell - essay, memoir, nature piece, political analysis, investigative exposes, personality profile; write an opening that catches the reader's attention and an ending that leaves a lasting impression; craft an engaging story by applying fiction elements such as dialogue, plot and conflict; find a voice readers can trust, and a writing style that sings; write other people's stories. (Gerard addresses such ethical and legal questions as libel, privacy, off the record); and revise your work in light of what you know now ... re-envision what the story really is. Throughout, you'll find examples, advice and inspiration from some of today's greatest nonfiction writers - such as Terry Tempest Williams, Annie Dillard, Barry Lopez and Ron Powers."	Philip Gerard	PN145.G427 1996Mittelalterliche Weihrauchfa_sser von 800 bis 1500  	"Gerate zum Verbrennen von Weihrauch gehoren seit fruhester Zeit weltweit zur sinnlichen Erfahrung von Kulthandlungen. Die grote bisher katalogisierte Gruppe von 'Bronzegeraten des Mittelalters' stellt der nun vorgelegte Band mit rund 1000 Weihrauchfassern vor. Sie bezeugen eine im ganzen christlichen Abendland verbreitete Kultpraxis, illustrieren die Produktivitat fruher Zentren des Metallgewerbes und bilden zugleich ein uraltes Netz von europaischen Handelswegen ab, auf denen sie an ihre Bestimmungsorte in Kirchen und Kirchenschatzen zwischen Skandinavien und Italien kamen."	Hiltrud Westermann-Angerhausen	BV196.C4W478 2014Michael Haneke's cinema : the ethic of the image 	"German cinema is normally seen as a distinct form, but this new series emphasizes connections, influences, and exchanges of German cinema across national borders, as well as its links with other media and art forms."	Catherine Wheatley	PN1998.3.H36W44 2009Journey into terror : story of the Riga Ghetto 	"Gertrude Schneider, a noted Holocaust scholar and survivor, tells the story of German Jews sent east for extermination in 1941-1943, who were instead given a reprieve in order to fill essential jobs in Riga - the capital of Latvia. Amid constant waves of arrivals and killings, these Jews transformed their part of the Riga Ghetto into a structured community. This is the story of the creation and ultimate destruction of that Ghetto community based on extensive research, personal recollections, interviews, and documents from Russian, German, Israeli, and American archives. The strange paradox of normal behavior within an abnormal context is exemplified by such events as concerts and mass burials, sports and tortures, as well as friendships and love affairs between SS officers and Jews. In addition to this charged surrealistic atmosphere, a unique feature of Schneider's book is her examination of the psychology of the prisoners, including a belief of the Latvian Jews that their people had been killed to make room for German Jews, and a conviction of the German Jews that they were privileged and, therefore, exempt from extermination. This book is a must read for scholars, students, and the general public interested in the complex and difficult history of the Holocaust and World War II in Eastern Europe.--Jacket."	Gertrude Schneider	DS135.R93R536 2001Lillian Hellman : an imperious life 	"Glamorous, talented, audacious--Lillian Hellman knew everyone, did everything, had been everywhere. By the age of 29 she had written the first of four hit Broadway plays, and soon she was considered a member of America's first rank of dramatists, a position she maintained for more than twenty-five years. Apart from her literary accomplishments, she lived a rich life filled with notable friendships, controversial political activity, travel, and love affairs, most importantly with Dashiell Hammett. But by the time she died, the truth about her life and works had been called into question. Scandals attached to her name, having to do with sex, with money, and with her own veracity. Exploring Hellman's leftist politics, her Jewish and Southern background, and her famous testimony before the House Un-American Activities Committee, biographer Gallagher also undertakes a new reading of Hellman's carefully crafted memoirs and plays, in which she is both revealed and hidden. Gallagher sorts through the facts and the myths, arriving at a sharply drawn portrait of a woman who lived large to the end of her remarkable life and never backed down from a fight.--From publisher description."	Dorothy Gallagher	PS3515.E343Z686 2014God and morality : a philosophical history 	"God and Morality evaluates the ethics of four principal philosophers - Aristotle, Duns Scotus, Kant, and R.M. Hare - placing an emphasis on the often circumvented relationship between their ethical theories and theism. While focusing on central concepts such as virtue, will, duty, and consequences, the author never loses sight of the larger context in which these views appear, presenting the work of these philosophers as keys to understanding the historical advancement of ethical thought during four great periods in Western philosophical history. This book defies traditional modes of comparison between these important philosophers by paying close attention not only to differences in their thought, but to significant and sometimes surprising similarities, taking seriously the role of God in their moral theories.--Jacket."	J E Hare	BJ71.H37 2007The wig my father wore  	Grace is happy with her life working on a television quiz show in Dublin until an angel named Stephen arrives on her doorstep.	Anne Enright	PR6055.N73W5 2001Grief and women writers in the English renaissance  	"Grief and Women Writers in the English Renaissance anatomizes the era's powerful but troubling links between the forgettable dead and the living mourners who are implicated in the same oblivion. Four major women writers from 1570 to 1670 construct these difficult bonds between the spectral dead and the liminal mourner. Mary Sidney Herbert, Countess of Pembroke, reinvents the controversial substitutions of aristocratic funerals. New Protestant ideologies of the sainted dead connect devotional mourning and patronage in Aemelia Lanyer's writing. Mary Wroth's verse enacts a uniquely exalted, imaginative melancholy in which Jacobean subjects dissolve into their mourning artifacts. Among the precarious political mourners of the later half of the period, Katherine Philips's lyric verse plays the shell game of private grief. Forgetting, being forgotten, and being dead are risks that the dead and the living ironically share in these central texts by the English Renaissance's most illustrious women writers--Provided by publisher."	Elizabeth Hodgson	PR113.H59 2015Hadrian : empire and conflict 	"Hadrian, a Roman emperor, the builder of Hadrian's Wall in the north of England, a restless and ambitious man who was interested in architecture and was passionate about Greece and Greek culture. Is this the common image today of the ruler of one of the greatest powers of the ancient world? Published to complement a major exhibition at the British Museum, this wide-ranging book rediscovers Hadrian. The sharp contradictions in his personality are examined, previous concepts are questioned and myths that surround him are exploded.--Jacket."	Thorsten Opper	DG295.O67 2008"Russia in the age of modernisation and revolution, 1881-1917  "	"Hans Rogger's study of Russia under the last two Tsars takes as its starting point what the Russians themselves saw as the central issue confronting their nation: the relationship between state and society, and its effects on politics, economics and class in these critical years."	Hans Rogger	DK241.R63 1983Breathturn into timestead : the collected later poetry : a bilingual edition 	"Haunting poems from one of the twentieth century's groundbreaking poets Paul Celan, one of the greatest German-language poets of the twentieth century, created brilliant works of pure musicality and stark imagery in tension with the haunting memories of his life as a Romanian Jew during the Holocaust. Breathturn into Timestead: The Collected Later Poetry gathers the five final volumes of his life's work in a bilingual edition, translated and with commentary by the award-winning poet and translator Pierre Joris. This collection displays a mature writer at the height of his talents, following what Celan himself called the turn (die Wende) of his work away from the lush, surreal metaphors of his earlier verse. Given the sinister events in its memory, Celan wrote, the language of poetry has to become more sober, more factual. 'grayer.' He abandoned the richer music of lyric poems, paring his compositions down to increase the accuracy of the language that now does not transfigure or render 'poetical'; it names, it posits, it tries to measure the area of the given and the possible. In his need for an inhabitable post-Holocaust world that held the memory and anguish of that history, Celan experimented with a bold new poetics. Breathturn into Timestead reveals a poet undergoing one of the most profound artistic reinventions of the twentieth century--creating a poetry grounded in his painful personal history and the ravages of postwar Europe--Provided by publisher.;A collection of the late poems of German-language poet Paul Celan--Provided by publisher."	Paul Celan	PT2605.E4A2 2014Theodor W. Adorno : one last genius 	"He was famously hostile to biography as a literary form, yet this life of Adorno by one of his last students gives us a clear look at how the man and his moment came together to create 'critical theory'. The book is also a window onto the cultural ferment of Adorno's day."	Detlev Claussen	B3199.A34C5813 2008Hegel and the metaphysics of absolute negativity  	"Hegel's doctrines of absolute negativity and 'the Concept' are among his most original contributions to philosophy and they constitute the systematic core of dialectical thought. Brady Bowman explores the interrelations between these doctrines, their implications for Hegel's critical understanding of classical logic and ontology, natural science and mathematics as forms of 'finite cognition', and their role in developing a positive, 'speculative' account of consciousness and its place in nature. As a means to this end, Bowman also re-examines Hegel's relations to Kant and pre-Kantian rationalism, and to key post-Kantian figures such as Jacobi, Fichte and Schelling. His book draws from the breadth of Hegel's writings to affirm a robustly metaphysical reading of the Hegelian project, and will be of great interest to students of Hegel and of German Idealism more generally--Provided by publisher."	Brady Bowman	B2948.B664 2013Saint friend  	"Here is a singular book that speaks in the voice of a generation. Saint Friend, Carl Adamshick's second collection, is a freewheeling carnival of celebrations, elegies, narratives, persona poems (one in the voice of Amelia Earhart), and a handful of short lyrics spiked with a desperate humor--Page 4 of cover."	Carl Adamshick	PS3601.D399A6 2014Tennessee Williams : mad pilgrimage of the flesh 	"Here, celebrated drama critic John Lahr gives intimate access to the mind of one of the most brilliant dramatists of his century, whose plays reshaped the American theater and the nation's sense of itself. This astute, deeply researched biography sheds light on Williams's warring family, his guilt, his creative triumphs and failures, his sexuality and numerous affairs, his misreported death, even the shenanigans surrounding his estate. With vivid cameos of the formative influences in Williams's life, this book is as much a biography of the man as it is a trenchant exploration of his plays and the tortured process of bringing them to stage and screen. Lahr explores how Williams's relationships informed his work and how the resulting success brought turmoil to his personal life. Lahr captures not just his tempestuous public persona but also his backstage life, where his agent Audrey Wood and the director Elia Kazan play major roles, and Marlon Brando, Anna Magnani, Bette Davis, Maureen Stapleton, Diana Barrymore, and Tallulah Bankhead have scintillating walk-on parts. This is a theater biography like no other.--Publisher information."	John Lahr	PS3545.I5365Z7326 2014Political economy in macroeconomics  	"Here, in the first full-length examination of how political forces affect economic policy decisions, Allan Drazen provides a systematic treatment, organizing the increasingly influential new political economy as a more established field at the highly productive intersection of economics and political science. Although he provides an extraordinarily helpful guide to the recent explosion of papers on political economy in macroeconomics, Drazen moves far beyond survey, giving definition and structure to the field.;This text will have an impact on students and professionals in political science as well as economics, redefining how decision makers on several continents think about the full range of macroeconomic issues and informing the approaches of the next generation of economists.--Jacket."	Allan Drazen	HB172.5.D73 2000Hidden messages : representation and resistance in Andean colonial drama 	"Hidden Messages: Representation and Resistance in Andean Colonial Drama is a study that takes into account Andean cultural diversity in four works of Peruvian theater written in Quechua and Spanish. In examining these plays, Chang-Rodriguez considers the density of the different traditions that have marked these works; the complexity and variability of their messages in relation to their heterogeneous spectators, readers, and listeners; and how the colonial playwright reworked the original European models. With a critical eye, the author analyzes texts and images of the period to uncover hidden messages resulting from the uniqueness of colonial situations and the interplay of dissimilar traditions."	Raquel Chang-Rodri_guez	PQ8385.C43 1999The Hemingses of Monticello : an American family 	"Historian and legal scholar Gordon-Reed presents this epic work that tells the story of the Hemingses, an American slave family, and their close blood ties to Thomas Jefferson."	Annette Gordon-Reed	E332.74.G67 2008Mrs. Lincoln : a life 	"Historian Catherine Clinton draws on important new research to illuminate the remarkable life of Mary Lincoln. Her story is inextricably tied with her husband's presidency, yet her life is an extraordinary chronicle on its own. From an aristocratic Kentucky family, she was an educated, well-connected Southern daughter, and when she married a Springfield lawyer she became a Northern wife--an experience mirrored by thousands of her countrywomen. The Lincolns endured many personal setbacks, including the death of a child and defeats in two Senate races. Mrs. Lincoln herself suffered scorching press attacks. The assassination of her husband haunted her for the rest of her life. Her downward spiral resulted in a brief but traumatizing involuntary incarceration in an asylum and exile in Europe during her later years. One of the most tragic and mysterious of nineteenth-century figures, Mary Lincoln and her story symbolize the pain and loss of Civil War America.--From publisher description."	Catherine Clinton	E457.25.L55C55 2009The land of the five flavors : a cultural history of Chinese cuisine 	"Ho_llmann tracks the growth of food culture in China from its earliest burial rituals to today's Western fast food restaurants. He details the food practices of major Chinese religions and the significance of eating and drinking in rites of passage and popular culture. From the invention of noodles to the causes of modern-day food contamination, he uncovers fascinating aspects of daily Chinese life."	Thomas O Ho_llmann	TX724.5.C5H64713 2014"Hollywood fantasies of miscegenation : spectacular narratives of gender and race, 1903-1967 "	"Hollywood Fantasies of Miscegenation analyzes white fantasies of interracial desire in the history of popular American film. From the first interracial screen kiss of 1903, through the Production Code's nearly thirty-year ban on depictions of miscegenation, to the contemplation of mixed marriage in Guess Who's Coming to Dinner (1967), this book demonstrates a long, popular, yet underexamined record of cultural fantasy at the movies. With ambitious new readings of well-known films like D.W. Griffith's 1915 epic The Birth of a Nation and of key forgotten films and censorship documents, Susan Courtney argues that dominant fantasies of miscegenation have had a profound impact on the form and content of American cinema. What does it mean, Courtney asks, that the image of the black rapist became a virtual cliche, while the sexual exploitation of black women by white men under slavery was perpetually repressed? What has this popular film legacy invited spectators to remember and forget? How has it shaped our conceptions of, and relationships to, race and gender? Richly illustrated with more than 140 images, Hollywood Fantasies of Miscegenation carefully attends to cinematic detail, revising theories of identity and spectatorship as it expands critical histories of race, sex, and film. Courtney's new research on the Production Code's miscegenation clause also makes an important contribution, inviting us to consider how that clause was routinely interpreted and applied, and with what effects--Publisher description."	Susan Courtney	PN1995.9.M57C38 2005"A mother's job : the history of day care, 1890-1960 "	"How did day care change from a charity for poor single mothers at the turn of the century into a recognized need of ordinary families by 1960? This book traces that transformation, telling the story of day care from the changing perspectives of the families who used it and the philanthropists and social workers who administered it. We see day care through the eyes of the immigrants, whites, and blacks who relied upon day care service as well as through those of the professionals who provided it. This volume will appeal to anyone interested in understanding the roots of our current day care crisis, as well as the broader issues of education, welfare, and women's work - all issues in which the key questions of day care are enmeshed. Students of social history, women's history, welfare policy, childcare, and education will also encounter much valuable information in this well-written book."	Elizabeth R Rose	HQ778.63.R65 1999Empires of intelligence : security services and colonial disorder after 1914 	"How did Great Britain and France, the largest imperial powers of the early twentieth century, cope with mounting anticolonial nationalism in the Arab world? What linked domestic opponents and foreign challengers in the Middle East and North Africa--Syria, Palestine, Transjordan, Iraq, Tunisia, Algeria, Morocco, and Egypt--as inhabitants attempted to overthrow the European colonial order? What strategies did the British and French adopt in the face of these threats? Empires of Intelligence, the first study of colonial intelligence services to use recently declassified reports, argues that colonial control in the British and French empires depended on an elaborate security apparatus. Martin Thomas shows for the first time the crucial role of intelligence gathering in maintaining imperial control in the years before decolonization.--Jacket."	Martin Thomas	UA832.T46 2008Prelude to bruise  	"How do we reckon our past without being ravaged by it? How do we use people, and their bodies, to express ourselves?--Publisher website."	Saeed Jones	PS3610.O6279P74 2014Exiles on main street : Jewish American writers and American literary culture 	How have Jews reshaped their identities as Jews in the face of the radical newness called America? Julian Levinson explores the ways in which exposure to American literary culture - in particular the visionary tradition identified with Ralph Waldo Emerson and Walt Whitman - led American Jewish writers to a new understanding of themselves as Jews.--Jacket.	Julian Levinson	PS153.J4L48 2008Romantic intimacy  	"How much can we know about what other people are feeling and how much can we sympathize or empathize with them? The term intimacy--Which has always referred both to the inmost and personal, and to relationships of exceptional closeness--captures a tension between a confidence in the possibility of shared experience and a competing belief that thoughts and feelings are irreducibly private. This book is an interdisciplinary study of shared feeling as imagined in eighteenth-century ethics, romantic literature, and twentieth-century psychoanalysis. Original interpretations of Hume, Rousseau, Kant, Wordsworth, Coleridge, and Austen show how aspirations toward mutual recognition give way to appreciation of varied, nonreciprocal forms of intimacy. The book concludes with accounts of empathy and unconscious communication in the psychoanalytic setting, revealing the persistence of romantic preoccupations in modernity. Yousef offers a compelling account of how philosophical confidence in fellow-feeling and sympathy is transformed by literary attention to uneven forms of emotional response, including gratitude, disappointment, distraction, and absorption. In its wide-ranging and eclectic engagement with current debates on the relationship between ethics, affect, and aesthetics, the book will be crucial reading for students of eighteenth- and nineteenth-century culture, as well as for literary theorists.--Back cover."	Nancy Yousef	PR447.Y68 2013Mathematical reminiscences  	"Howard Eves has enjoyed a long, distinguished career as a teacher, geometer, writer, editor and historian of mathematics. A renowned teacher and scholar, Eves spent most of his career at the University of Maine at Orono, and more recently at Central Florida University. For twenty-five years he edited the Elementary Problems Section of the American Mathematical Monthly. Long known as a mathematical storyteller, Howard Eves here writes his personal reminiscencesmostly mathematical, some not. The cast of characters includes Albert Einstein, Norbert Wiener, Julian Lowell Coolidge, Maurice Frchet, Nathan Altschiller-Court, G.H. Hardy, and many other interesting figures whom he encountered in a long and active life in mathematics. In Mathematical Reminiscences we read of Eves' famous mathematical museum, with its lock of Einstein's hair, Hardy's scarf, Veblen's bright yellow lead pencil, Wiener's hat, and much, much more."	Howard Eves	QA29.E9A3 2001Consciousness & the novel : connected essays 	"Human Consciousness, long the province of literature, has lately come in for a remapping - even rediscovery - by the natural sciences, driven by developments in Artificial Intelligence, neuroscience, and evolutionary biology. As the richest record we have of human consciousness, literature, David Lodge suggests, may offer a kind of understanding that is complementary, not opposed, to scientific knowledge. Writing with characteristic wit and brio, and employing the insight and acumen of a skilled novelist and critic, Lodge here explores the representation of human consciousness in fiction (mainly English and American) in light of recent investigations in the sciences.--Jacket."	David Lodge	PR830.P75L63 2002Hubris and hybrids : a cultural history of technology and science 	"Human societies have not always taken on new technology in appropriate ways. Innovations are double-edged swords that transform relationships among people, as well as between human societies and the natural world. Only through successful cultural appropriation can we manage to control the hubris that is fundamental to the innovative, enterprising human spirit; and only by becoming hybrids, combining the human and the technological, will we be able to make effective use of our scientific and technological achievements. This broad cultural history of technology and science provides a range of stories and reflections about the past, discussing areas such as film, industrial design, and alternative environmental technologies, and including not only European and North American, but also Asian examples, to help resolve the contradictions of contemporary high-tech civilization."	Mikael Ha_rd	T15.H342 2005British poetry in the age of modernism  	"If modernist poetry dominated the early twentieth century, what did it mean for British poets like Thomas Hardy, Edward Thomas and Wilfred Owen not to be modernist? This is the first critical account of how non-modernist poetry responded to the modernist revolution. Peter Howarth uncovers the origins of the battles over poetic style still being fought today, and connects the early twentieth-century controversy about poetic form with contemporary social and political developments and the trauma of the First World War. Howarth argues that at the heart of the division between modern and traditional poetic form are different ideas of freedom, power and individuality. Scholars and students of twentieth-century poetry will find this an informative and inspiring account of the themes and debates that have shaped British poetry of the last hundred years.--Jacket."	Peter Howarth	PR605.M63H69 2005The letters of Sir Joshua Reynolds  	"Illustrations, location of letters, dated letters-undated letters-untraced letters."	Joshua Reynolds	ND497.R4A3 2000City shields  	Images of manhole covers collected through miles of walking around Canada and Scotland.	Louise Levergneux	N7433.4.L4947C57 2001"Idlewild : the rise, decline, and rebirth of a unique African American resort town "	"In 1912, white land developers founded Idlewild, an African American resort community in western Michigan. Over the following decades, the town became one of the country's foremost vacation destinations for the black middle class, during its peak drawing tens of thousands of visitors annually and hosting the era's premier entertainers, such as The Four Tops, Della Reese, Brook Benton, and George Kirby. With the civil rights movement and the resulting expansion of recreation options available to African Americans, Idlewild suffered a sharp social and economic decline, and by the early 1980s the town had become a struggling retirement community in the midst of financial and political crises. Meticulously researched and unearthing never-before-seen historical material, Ronald J. Stephens's book examines the rapid rise and decline of this pivotal landmark in African American and leisure history, in the process exploring intersections among race, class, tourism, entertainment, and historic preservation in the United States. Featuring a wealth of fieldwork on contemporary Idlewild, the book also takes a candid look at recent revitalization efforts and analyzes the possibilities for a future resurgence of this national treasure--Provided by publisher."	Ronald Jemal Stephens	F574.I35S74 2013Paradise  	"In 1999 Larry McMurtry, whose wanderlust had been previously restricted to the roads of America, set off for a trip to the paradise of Tahiti and the South Sea Islands in an old-fashioned tub of a cruise boat, at a time when his mother was slipping toward a paradise of her own. Opening up to her son in her final days, his mother makes a stunning revelation of a previous marriage and sends McMurtry on a journey of an entirely different kind. McMurtry paints a portrait of his parents' marriage against the harsh, violent landscape of west Texas. It is their roots - laced with overtones of hard work, bitter disappointment, and the Puritan ethic - that McMurtry challenges by traveling to Tahiti, a land of lush sensuality and easy living. With fascinating detail, shrewd observations, humorous pathos, and unforgettable characters, he begins to answer some of the questions of what paradise is, whether it exists, and how different it is from life in his hometown of Archer City, Texas.--Jacket."	Larry McMurtry	PS3563.A319Z469 2001100.1 custom drawings  	In 2003 I started a project on my website offering custom drawings that find their inspiration from three keywords provided by the person commissioning the drawings ...--Flyleaf.	Gary Panter	NC1429.P33A4 2004The Federal Reserve and the financial crisis  	"In 2012, Ben Bernanke, chairman of the U.S. Federal Reserve, gave a series of lectures about the Federal Reserve and the 2008 financial crisis, as part of a course at George Washington University on the role of the Federal Reserve in the economy. He revealed important background and insights into the central bank's crucial actions during the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, and offers insight into the guiding principles behind the Fed's activities and the lessons to be learned from its handling of recent economic challenges."	Ben Bernanke	HG2563.B42 2013A discourse of wonders : audience and performance in Ovid's Metamorphoses 	"In A Discourse of Wonders, Stephen M. Wheeler introduces a fresh perspective for readers of Ovid's Metamorphoses. Drawing on classical scholarship and twentieth-century literary theory, he argues that the poem is not an anthology or collection but a single continuous performance. Wheeler's thorough, detailed analysis of how Ovid constructs, cultivates, and transforms his audience challenges the assumption that Ovid's narrative persona addresses the reader. Wheeler proposes instead that Ovid represents himself in the poem as an epic storyteller moved to tell a universal history of metamorphosis in the presence of a fictional audience."	Stephen Michael Wheeler	PA6519.M9W47 1999The raw man  	"In a resurrected bungalow on the edge of the fledgling nation of Zimbabwe, Sergeant Gordon's story has come to rest. We learn his extraordinary story in reverse, from the military, to adolescent rebellion, a patchwork education and the brutal initiations of youth; back to childhood, birth and beyond."	George Makana Clark	PS3553.L2845R39 2013The visitor : Andre_ Palmeiro and the Jesuits in Asia 	"In an age when few ventured beyond their birthplace, Andre Palmeiro left Portugal to inspect Jesuit missions from Mozambique to Japan. A global history in the guise of biography, The Visitor tells the story of a theologian whose travels bore witness to the fruitful contact--and violent collision--of East and West in the early modern era."	Liam Matthew Brockey	BX4705.P3655B76 2014Peterson field guide to birds of North America  	"In celebration of the centennial of Roger Tory Peterson's birth comes a historic collaboration among renowned birding experts and artists to preserve and enhance the Peterson legacy. This new book combines the Peterson Field Guide to Eastern Birds and the Peterson Field Guide to Western Birds in one volume, filled with accessible, concise information and including almost three hours of video podcasts to make bird watching even easier."	Roger Tory Peterson	QL681.P455 2008Dressing up for the carnival  	"In Dressing Up for the Carnival, Carol Shields distills her characteristic wisdom, elegance, and insouciant humor in twenty-two luminous stories. A wealth of surprises and contrasts, this collection ranges from the lyricism of Weather, in which a couple's life is thrown into chaos when the National Association of Meteorologists goes on strike, to the swampy sexuality of Eros, in which a room in a Parisian hotel on the verge of ruin is the catalyst for passion, to the brave confidence of A Scarf--New for this collection-which chronicles the realities of a fledging author's book tour. Playful, graceful, acutely observed, and generous of spirit, these stories will delight her devoted fans and win her new converts as well. ... Publisher description."	Carol Shields	PR9199.3.S514D74 2000Dying modern : a meditation on elegy 	"In Dying Modern, one of our foremost literary critics inspires new ways to read, write, and talk about poetry. Diana Fuss does so by identifying three distinct but largely unrecognized voices within the well-studied genre of the elegy: the dying voice, the reviving voice, and the surviving voice. Through her deft readings of modern poetry, Fuss unveils the dramatic within the elegiac: the dying diva who relishes a great deathbed scene, the speaking corpse who fancies a good haunting, and the departing lover who delights in a dramatic exit. Focusing primarily on American and British poetry written during the past two centuries, Fuss maintains that poetry can still offer genuine ethical compensation, even for the deep wounds and shocking banalities of modern death. As dying, loss, and grief become ever more thoroughly obscured from public view, the dead start chattering away in verse. Through bold, original interpretations of little-known works, as well as canonical poems by writers such as Emily Dickinson, Randall Jarrell, Elizabeth Bishop, Richard Wright, and Sylvia Plath, Fuss explores modern poetry's fascination with pre- and postmortem speech, pondering the literary desire to make death speak in the face of its cultural silencing.--Provided by publisher."	Diana Fuss	PS309.E4F87 2013Thelonious Monk Quartet featuring John Coltrane at Carnegie Hall  	"In early 2005, an engineer at the Library of Congress accidentally discovered, in an unmarked box, the recording of Thelonious Monk's and John Coltrane's performance at a 1957 benefit concert at Carnegie Hall. Long considered one of the most important musical meetings in modern jazz, Monk's and Coltrane's work together during a scant few months in 1957 had, until this discovery, been thought to be almost entirely undocumented. In this book, Gabriel Solis provides an historical, cultural, and analytical study of this landmark recording, which was released by Blue Note records later in 2005. Taking a wide-ranging approach to the recording, Solis addresses issues of liveness, jazz teaching and learning, enculturation, and historiography. Because nearly a half century passed between when the recording was made and its public release, it is a particularly interesting lens through which to view jazz both as a historical tradition and as a contemporary cultural form. Most importantly Solis accounts for the music itself. Offering in depth analytical discussions of each composition, as well as Monk's and Coltrane's improvisational performances he provides insight into Monk's impact on Coltrane as he developed his signature sheets of sound style, as well as into the influence of a strong side-man, like Coltrane, on Monk at his creative and professional peak. The first study of one of the most significant jazz releases of the twenty-first century, Thelonious Monk Quartet with John Coltrane at Carnegie Hall is essential reading for all jazz scholars, students, musicians, and fans [Publisher description]."	Gabriel Solis	ML417.M846S56 2014"Ecocritical explorations in literary and cultural studies : fences, boundaries, and fields "	"In Ecocritical Explorations, Patrick D. Murphy explores environmental literature and environmental cultural issues through both theoretical and applied criticism. He engages with the concepts of referentiality, simplicity, the nation state, and virtual reality in the first section of the book, and then goes on to interrogate these issues in contemporary environmental literature, both American and international. He concludes his argument with a discussion of the larger frames of family dynamics and un-natural disasters, such as hurricanes and global warming, ending with a chapter on the integration of scholarship and pedagogy in the classroom, with reference to his own teaching experiences. Murphy's study provides a wide ranging discussion of contemporary literature and cultural phenomena through the lens of ecological literary criticism, giving attention to both theoretical issues and applied critiques. In particular, he looks at popular literary genres, such as mystery and science fiction, as well as actual disasters and disaster scenarios. Ecocritical Explorations in Literary and Cultural Studies is a timely contribution to ecological literary criticism and an insightful look into how we represent our relationship with the environment.--Back cover."	Patrick D Murphy	PS169.E25M87 2009Embracing watershed politics  	"In Embracing Watershed Politics, political scientists Edella Schlager and William Blomquist provide timely illustrations and thought-provoking explanations of why political considerations are essential, unavoidable, and in some ways even desirable elements of decision making about water and watersheds. With decades of combined study of water management in the United States, they focus on the many contending interests and communities found in America's watersheds, the fundamental dimensions of decision making, and the impacts of science, complexity, and uncertainty on watershed management.--Jacket."	Edella Schlager	TC423.S33 2008Virtuosi : a defense and a (sometimes erotic) celebration of great pianists 	"In essays rich with anecdote, Mark Mitchell explores the many domains of the virtuoso, taking on such subjects as music competitions, the phenomenon of the child prodigy, the virtuoso in literature and film, encores, seating habits, and the erotics of musical performance. The characters who populate his evocative narrative include not only such famous virtuosi as Franz Liszt, Martha Argerich, and Vladimir Horowitz but also Ervin Nyiregyhazi (the skid row pianist), the eccentric Vladimir de Pachmann, and Liberace.--Jacket."	Mark Mitchell	ML700.M57 2000Exorbitant privilege : the rise and fall of the dollar and the future of the international monetary system 	"In Exorbitant Privilege, economic historian, Barry Eichengreen, traces the rise of the dollar to international prominence over the course of the 20th century. He shows that the greenback dominated internationally in the second half of the century for the same reasons and in the same way that the United States dominated the global economy. But now, America no longer towers over the global economy. It follows, Eichengreen argues, that the dollar will not be a dominant. Challenging the presumption that there is room for only one true global currency, either the dollar or something else, Eichengreen shows that several currencies have shared this international role over long periods.--[book jacket]."	Barry J Eichengreen	HG540.E33 2011The bees of the world  	"In extensive introductory sections, Michener examines the evolution of bees from wasps, the relations of the families of bees to one another, the evolution of bees in relation to that of flowering plants, the nesting behavior of solitary and social bees, and the structure of immature and adult bees. Drawing on these considerations as well as the fossil record, he speculates on the attributes of the protobee, the common ancestor of all bees. He also cites the major literature on bee biology and describes the need for further research on the systematics and natural history of bees, including their importance as pollinators of crops and natural vegetation. The greater part of the work consists of an unprecedented treatment of bee systematics, with keys (many of them regional) for identification to the subgenius level.--Jacket."	Charles Duncan Michener	QL566.M53 2000Masculinity and monstrosity in contemporary Hollywood films  	"In film, Men are good and Monsters are bad. In this book, Combe and Boyle consider the monstrous body as a metaphor for the cultural body and regard gendered behavior as a matter of performativity. Taken together, these two identity positions, manliness and monsterliness, offer a window into the workings of current American society. Often, the manly good becomes the ugly bad, while the monstrous bad turns out to be the attractive good. Movie men and monsters, then, offer a critical window into American culture. Specifically, the authors examine movies as complicated markers of and participants within the foundational social discourse of subject formation and hegemonic discipline. Of particular focus are warfare and militarism, neoliberal capitalism-corporatism-imperialism, the infliction of gender, and the agonistic negotiations of power."	Kirk Combe	PN1995.9.M34C66 2013"Leonardo, Michelangelo, and the art of the figure  "	"In late 1504 and early 1505, Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo Buonarroti were both at work on commissions they had received to paint murals in Florence's City Hall. Leonardo was to depict a historic battle between Florence and Milan, Michelangelo one between Florence and Pisa. Though neither project was ever completed, the painters' mythic encounter shaped art and its history in the decades and centuries that followed. This concise, lucid, and thought-provoking book looks again at the one moment when Leonardo and Michelangelo worked side by side, seeking to identify the roots of their differing ideas of the figure in 15th-century pictorial practices and to understand what this contrast meant to the artists and writers who followed them. At the center of the book is the preoccupation of both artists with ideas of painted 'force.' Michael W. Cole, an expert in Renaissance art history, traces the diverging conceptions of painted force that Leonardo and Michelangelo held. For Leonardo, figural force translated principles from the medieval science of weights and measures and modern engineering; in Michelangelo's case, the impression of force came with the isolation of the individual figure from a surrounding narrative. Through close investigation of the two artists' work, Cole provides a new account of critical developments in Italian Renaissance painting.--Jacket."	Michael Wayne Cole	ND1293.I8C65 2014"Legal fictions : constituting race, composing literature "	"In Legal Fictions, Karla FC Holloway both argues that U.S. racial identity is the creation of U.S. law and demonstrates how black authors of literary fiction have engaged with the law's constructions of race since the era of slavery. Exploring the resonance between U.S. literature and U.S. jurisprudence, Holloway reveals Toni Morrison's Beloved and Charles Johnson's Middle Passage as stories about personhood and property, David Bradley's The Chaneysville Incident and Ralph Ellison's Invisible Man as structured by evidence law, and Nella Larsen's Passing as intimately related to contract law.--Publisher description."	Karla F C Holloway	PS153.N5H64 2014"On the beaten track : tourism, art and place "	"In Lucy Lippard's On the Beaten Track, essays on cultural criticism, anthropology, and community activism are interwoven to examine how tourism sites are conceived and represented, and how they affect the places they transform.--Jacket."	Lucy R Lippard	G155.A1L56 1999"Understanding moral obligation : Kant, Hegel, Kierkegaard "	"In many histories of modern ethics, Kant is supposed to have ushered in an anti-realist or constructivist turn by holding that unless we ourselves 'author' or lay down moral norms and values for ourselves, our autonomy as agents will be threatened. In this book, Robert Stern challenges the cogency of this 'argument from autonomy', and claims that Kant never subscribed to it. Rather, it is not value realism but the apparent obligatoriness of morality that really poses a challenge to our autonomy: how can this be accounted for without taking away our freedom? The debate the book focuses on therefore concerns whether this obligatoriness should be located in ourselves (Kant), in others (Hegel) or in God (Kierkegaard). Stern traces the historical dialectic that drove the development of these respective theories, and clearly and sympathetically considers their merits and disadvantages; he concludes by arguing that the choice between them remains open--Provided by publisher."	Robert Stern	BJ1451.S69 2012"Many identities, one nation : the Revolution and its legacy in the Mid-Atlantic "	"In Many Identities, One Nation, Liam Riordan explores how the American Revolution politicized religious, racial, and ethnic identities among the diverse inhabitants of Pennsylvania, Delaware, and New Jersey. Attending to individual experiences through a close comparative analysis, Riordan explains the transformation from British subjects to U.S. citizens in a region that included Quakers, African Americans, and Pennsylvania Germans. This story brings to life the popular culture of the Revolutionary Delaware Valley through analysis of wide-ranging evidence, from architecture, folk art, clothing, and music to personal papers, newspapers, and local church, tax, and census records.--book jacket."	Liam Riordan	E263.P4R56 2007Mark Twain : a literary life 	"In Mark Twain, a Literary Life, Everett Emerson, author of The Authentic Mark Twain, revisits one of America's greatest and most popular writers. Building upon that earlier work, he explores the relationship between the life of the writer and his writings. The assumption throughout is that to see Mark Twain's writings in focus, one must give proper attention to their biographical context. In reporting the author's life, Emerson has endeavored to permit Mark Twain to tell his own story as much as possible, through the use of letters and autobiographical writings, some previously unpublished. These glimpses into the life of the writer will be of interest to all who have an abiding affection for Samuel Clemens and his extraordinary legacy.--Jacket."	Everett H Emerson	PS1331.E48 2000"The white war : life and death on the Italian front, 1915-1919 "	"In May 1915, Italy declared war on the Habsburg Empire, hoping to seize its lost territories of Trieste and Tyrol. The result was one of the most hopeless and senseless wars of modern times. Nearly 700,000 Italians and perhaps half as many Austro-Hungarian troops were killed, with most of the deaths occurring on the bare, stony hills north of Trieste, and in the snows of the Dolomites. Outsiders who witnessed these battles were awestruck by the incredible difficulty of attacking on such terrain. To maintain discipline in the face of desperation and low morale, the Italian chief of general staff restored the Roman practice of decimation, executing random members of units that retreated or rebelled. Italy was plunged into chaos and, eventually, fascism. Some would say it has never recovered from the havoc of World War I. Mark Thompson relates the saga of the Italian front. Not merely a history of the cruelty and destruction of battle, The White War tells the story of the nationalist frenzy that preceded the conflict, the poetry it inspired, the haunting landscapes and political intrigues, and the outsize personalities of the statesmen, generals, and writers who were drawn into the heart of the chaos.--Jacket."	Mark Thompson	D569.A2T47 2009"Gold and gilt, pots and pins : possessions and people in medieval Britain "	"In medieval Britain people wore jewellery made of gold if they were rich, of base metal if they were poor; they might hoard their property, or give it away to guarantee that they would have friends when needed; and many of them paid tax on their possessions. In Gold and Gilt, Pots and Pins David Hinton reviews the significance of artefacts in this period. From elaborate gold jewellery to clay pots, he looks at what possessions meant to people at every level of society. His emphasis is on their reasons for acquiring, keeping, displaying, and disposing of the things that they wore and had in their houses.;Drawing on a wide range of physical and documentary evidence, including objects from archaeological excavations and written sources, he argues that the significance of material culture has not been properly taken into account in explanations of social change, particularly in the later Middle Ages. He also explores how identity was created, and how social division was expressed and reinforced.;An overall review that looks at evidence in Scotland and Wales as well as in England, this book ranges chronologically from the end of the Roman rule of Britain to the introduction of the new modes and practices that are usually termed 'Renaissance', marked by the changes in religion. Lavishly illustrated, the author provides an illuminating window into the society of the Middle Ages.--Jacket."	David Alban Hinton	DA90.H56 2005Metonymy in contemporary art : a new paradigm 	"In Metonymy in Contemporary Art, Denise Green develops an original approach to art criticism and modes of creativity inspired by aspects of Australian Aboriginal and Indian thought. Interweaving her own evolution as an artist with critiques of Clement Greenberg and Walter Benjamin as well as commentary on artists such as Joseph Beuys, Mark Rothko, Frank Stella, and others, Green explores the concept of metonymic thinking as developed by the poet and linguist A.K. Ramanujan and its relevance to contemporary painting and aesthetics. In Ramanujan's formulation of metonymic thinking, the human and natural worlds are intrinsically related to one another as are the transcendent and mundane. When applied to contemporary art, metonymic thinking implies that one must understand that the creativity of the artist flows from a fusion of an inner state of mind and the outer material world. Pointing out how this alternative aesthetic and cognitive mode is left wanting in art criticism, Green argues for a critical discourse and interpretive mode in contemporary art that is at once global and pluralist in perspective."	Denise Green	N7405.G74A35 2005Climate change and order : the end of prosperity and democracy 	"In pursuing international order, prosperity and democracy, politics and political decision-making have contributed to global climate change issues. Solutions need to be found that go beyond finding cleaner, newer technologies, revised policies and laws to curb pollution and carbon production, protecting species and habitats, or remembering to turn off the lights and put out the recycling. They need to re-imagine how our rich and complex ways of life are interconnected with the natural environment. Edmondson and Levy set out to increase understanding of why it takes so long for governments and others to agree on how to respond to the challenges of global climate change, and why it is important for them to continue to try to do so. They examine why it is so difficult for the international community to respond to global climate change. In doing so, they analyse and explain some of the strategies that might ultimately provide the foundations for appropriate responses.--Provided by publisher."	Beth Edmondson	QC903.E298 2013Recording oral history : a guide for the humanities and social sciences 	"In Recording Oral History, Second Edition, Valerie Raleigh Yow builds on the foundation of her classic text with a fully updated and subtaintially expanded new edition. Yow's updated edition now includes new material on using the Internet, an examination of the interactions between oral history and memory processes, and analysis of testimony and the interpretation of meanings in different contexts. This new volume offers historians, social scientists, and other practitioners engaged in this difficult, rewarding work a scholarly and practical guide to the methods of oral history. It will interest researchers and students in a wide variety of disciplines including history, sociology, anthropology, education, psychology, social work, and ethnographic methods.--Jacket."	Valerie Raleigh Yow	D16.14.Y68 2005Second nature : the history and implications of Australia as Aboriginal landscape 	"In Second Nature, Lesley Head examines modern Australia's efforts to come to terms with its Aboriginal past. Drawing on anthropology, archeology, and history, Head shows that through their use of fire and their methods of hunting and gathering, Aboriginal ancestors transformed the country's biophysical landscape in a variety of still debated ways. These findings present a dramatic shift away from the nineteenth-century evolutionary models, which viewed Aborigines as an unchanging people in an unchanging land.--Jacket."	Lesley Head	GF801.H36 2000Sound sentiments : integrity in the emotions 	"In Sound Sentiments David Pugmire seeks to open a new path in the philosophy of emotion. The focus of most recent work in the field has been on the nature of emotion, with some attention also to the relation of emotion to ethics. Pugmire explores the idea that emotions admit of valuation, of degrees of adequacy. We cannot just decide what to think, or to desire, or to feel, as we can decide to act, and these attitudes are integral to emotions. Nonetheless, emotions can have normative characteristics that resemble virtues. Philosophers are familiar with the notion that emotions are valuational. But how well they serve that function determines the value they themselves have.--Jacket."	David Pugmire	B815.P84 2005"Lengths, widths, surfaces : a portrait of old Babylonian algebra and its kin "	"In the 1920s it was recognized, largely as a result of work by Otto Neugebauer and his collaborators, that Babylonian cuneiform tablets included many mathematical texts. Some were concerned with metrology and computation, while others contained mathematical problems. Many of the latter appear to deal with something like school algebra, mostly quadratic equations, describing numerical rules for solution but without giving any reasons for these. Were they, as most interpreters have assumed, an early expression of the joys of pure mathematics?;In this new examination of the texts, Jens Hoyrup proposes a different interpretation, based on a detailed investigation of the terminology and discursive organization of the texts. The texts turn out to speak not of pure numbers, but of the dimensions and areas of rectangles and other measurable geometrical magnitudes, often serving as representatives of other magnitudes (prices, workdays, etc.), much as pure numbers represent concrete magnitudes in modern applied algebra.;The texts show why the procedures are correct, but do not aim at creating theory, nor are their second-degree equations of any practical use. Hoyrup argues that we should focus on the function of the texts within the schools and within Babylonian culture at large. Scribes and their schoolmasters took pride in the particular skills of their craft, and knowing how to solve equations of the second or higher degree allowed them to show off their virtuosity - as much as knowing how to write and speak Sumarian in addition to the Babylonian language of their own times. The book provides a detailed reading of many tablets and a careful examination of the context in which they were produced.--Jacket."	Jens Hyrup	QA22.H83 2002Making cinelandia : American films and Mexican film culture before the Golden Age 	"In the 1920s, as American films came to dominate Mexico's cinemas, many of its cultural and political elites feared that this Yanqui invasion would turn Mexico into a cultural vassal of the United States. In Making Cinelandia, Laura Isabel Serna contends that Hollywood films were not simply tools of cultural imperialism. Instead, they offered Mexicans on both sides of the border an imaginative and crucial means of participating in global modernity, even as these films and their producers and distributors frequently displayed anti-Mexican bias. Before the Golden Age of Mexican cinema, Mexican audiences used their encounters with American films to construct a national film culture. Drawing on extensive archival research, Serna explores the popular experience of cinema going from the perspective of exhibitors, cinema workers, journalists, censors, and fans, showing how Mexican audiences actively engaged with American films to identify more deeply with Mexico.--Publisher's description."	Laura Isabel Serna	PN1993.5.M6S47 2014The making of the English gardener  	"In the century between the accession of Elizabeth I and the restoration of Charles II, a horticultural revolution took place in England, making it a leading player in the European horticultural game. Ideas were exchanged across networks of gardeners, botanists, scholars, and courtiers, and the burgeoning vernacular book trade spread this new knowledge still further - reaching even the growing number of gardeners furnishing their more modest plots across the verdant nation and its young colonies in the Americas. Margaret Willes introduces a plethora of garden enthusiasts, from the renowned to the legions of anonymous workers who created and tended the great estates. Packed with illustrations from the herbals, design treatises, and practical manuals that inspired these men - and occasionally women - Willes's book enthrallingly charts how England's garden grew. -- Publisher's website."	Margaret Willes	SB451.36.G7W55 2011Nouvelle the_ologie and sacramental ontology : a return to mystery 	"In the decades leading up to the Second Vatican Council, the movement of nouvelle theologie caused great controversy in the Catholic Church and remains a subject of vigorous scholarly debate today. In Nouvelle theologie and Sacramental Ontology Hans Boersma argues that a return to mystery was the movement's deepest motivation. Countering the modern intellectualism of the neo-Thomist establishment, the nouvelle theologians were convinced that a ressourcement of the Church Fathers and of medieval theology would point the way to a sacramental reintegration of nature and the supernatural. In the context of the loss suffered by both Catholics and Protestants in the de-sacramentalizing of modernity, Boersma shows how the sacramental ontology of nouvelle theologie offers a solid entry-point into ecumenical dialogue. --From publisher's description."	Hans Boersma	BX1747.B64 2009"Becoming Heidegger : on the trail of his early occasional writings, 1910-1927 "	"In the decades since Martin Heidegger's death, many of his early writings--notes and talks, essays and reviews--have made it into print, but in such scattershot fashion and erratic translation as to mitigate their usefulness for understanding the development, direction, and ultimate shape of his work. This timely collection, edited by two preeminent Heidegger scholars, brings together in English translation the most philosophical of Heidegger's earliest occasional writings from 1910 to the end of 1927. These important philosophical documents fill out the context in which the early Heidegger wrote his major works and provide the background against which they appeared. Accompanied by incisive commentary, these pieces from Heidegger's student days, his early Freiburg period, and the time of his Marburg lecture courses will contribute substantially to rethinking the making and meaning of Being and Time. The contents are of a depth and quality that make this volume the collection for those interested in Heidegger's work prior to his masterwork. The book will also serve those concerned with Heidegger's relation to such figures as Aristotle, Dilthey, Husserl, Jaspers, and Lo_with, as well as scholars whose interests are more topically centered on questions of history, logic, religion, and truth. Important in their own right, these pieces will also prove particularly useful to students of Heidegger's thought and of twentieth-century philosophy in general."	Martin Heidegger	B3279.H49B392 2006Postcommunist welfare states : reform politics in Russia and Eastern Europe 	"In the early 1990s, the countries of the former Soviet bloc faced an urgent need to reform the systems by which they delivered basic social welfare to their citizens. Inherited systems were inefficient and financially unsustainable. Linda J. Cook here explores the politics and policy of social welfare from 1990 to 2004 in the Russian Federation, Poland, Hungary, Belarus, and Kazakhstan. Most of these countries, she shows, tried to institute reforms based on a paradigm of reduced entitlements and subsidies, means-testing, and privatization. But these proposals provoked opposition from pro-welfare interests, and the politics of negotiating change varied substantially from one political arena to another. In Russia, for example, liberalizing reform was blocked for a decade. Only as Vladimir Putin rose to power did the country change its inherited welfare system. Cook finds that the impact of economic pressures on welfare was strongly mediated by domestic political factors, including the level of democratization and balance of pro- and anti-reform political forces. Postcommunist welfare politics throughout Russia and Eastern Europe, she shows, are marked by the large role played by bureaucratic welfare stakeholders who were left over from the communist period and, in weak states, by the development of informal processes in social sectors.--Jacket."	Linda J Cook	HV315.15.C66 2007Beyond Bear's Paw : the Nez Perce Indians in Canada 	"In the fall of 1877, Nez Perce (Nimiipuu) Indians were desperately fleeing U.S. Army troops. After a 1,700-mile journey across Idaho, Wyoming, and Montana, the Nez Perces headed for the Canadian border, hoping to find refuge in the land of the White Mother, Queen Victoria. But the army caught up with them at the Bear's Paw Mountains in northern Montana, and following a devastating battle, Chief Joseph and most of his people surrendered. The tale of Chief Joseph and his followers is now legendary, but Bear's Paw is not the entire story. In fact, nearly three hundred Nez Perces escaped the U.S. Army and fled into Canada. Beyond Bear's Paw is the first book to explore the fate of these nontreaty Indians. Drawing on hitherto unexplored Canadian and U.S. sources, including reminiscences of Nez Perce participants, Jerome A. Greene presents an epic story of human endurance under duress. Greene describes the tortuous journey of the small band who managed to elude Colonel Nelson A. Miles's command. After the escapees crossed the Medicine Line into the British Possessions, they found only new trauma. Within a few years, most of them stole back to their homelands in Idaho Territory. Those who remained north of the line faced a difficult and uncertain future. In recent years, Nimiipuu descendants from the United States and Canada have revisited their common past and sought reconciliation. Beyond Bear's Paw offers new perspectives on the Nez Perces' struggle for freedom, their hapless rejection, and their ultimate cultural renewal.--Jacket."	Jerome A Greene	E83.877.G738 2010"Lying, cheating, and stealing : a moral theory of white-collar crime "	"In the first in-depth study of its kind, Stuart Green exposes the ambiguities and uncertainties that pervade the white-collar crimes, and offers an approach to their solution. Drawing on recent cases involving such figures as Martha Stewart, Bill Clinton, Tom DeLay, Scooter Libby, Jeffrey Archer, Enron's Andrew Fastow and Kenneth Lay, HealthSouth's Richard Scrushy, Yukos Oil's Mikhail Khodorkovsky, and the Arthur Andersen accounting firm, Green weaves together what at first appear to be disparate threads in the criminal code, revealing a complex and fascinating web of moral insights about the nature of guilt and innocence, and what, fundamentally, constitutes conduct worthy of punishment by criminal sanction.--Jacket."	Stuart P Green	K5018.G694 2006"A show of hands for the republic : opinion, information, and repression in eighteenth-century rural France "	"In the French village of Segonzac in 1796, weaver Thomas Bordas spoke out during a municipal ceremony. Frustrated by how stifling the politics of the Revolution had become, he proposed a show of hands: who wants a republic, and who wants a king? Soon after, he was arrested and charged with attempting to reestablish the monarchy. Drawing on archival sources ranging from village council minutes and reports of government spies to investigations into sedition and seditious speech, A Show of Hands for the Republic provides a new account of the politicization of the French peasantry from the early eighteenth century through the Revolution. Jill Maciak Walshaw demonstrates here that villagers were well-informed and outspoken on political issues. In addition, though the political authorities characterized peasants as ignorant and easily manipulated, Walshaw shows that the ruling elite also carefully monitored and suppressed their opinions, revealing a contradiction in the governing practices of the state. By documenting the lively political forum that existed in eighteenth-century rural France, this study challenges not only the bourgeois nature of the public sphere, as defined by Ju_rgen Habermas, but also the notion that it was predominantly urban. A Show of Hands for the Republic presents a fresh understanding of rural political culture, one in which villagers responded to revolutionary change with their own agenda and came to play a new role on the political stage. Jill Maciak Walshaw is Assistant Professor of History at the University of Victoria, British Columbia. --Provided by publisher."	Jill Maciak Walshaw	DC158.8.W35 2014Script as image  	"In the Middle Ages, writing conveyed far more than information. In contradistinction to the modern separation of image and text and, by implication, form and content, which was reified with the invention of printing, illuminated manuscripts made images out of words. In consonance with Christian doctrine, which declared that the Word had become flesh, letters painted on parchment assumed bodily presence to create effects of power and persuasion. Painted letters elicited modes of performance, oral recitation and ritual action. Far from calligraphic ornament or a medium with prescribed boundaries, medieval lettering reveals itself as a flexible instrument in which various categories of human experience and expression - the audible, the visible, the symbolic and the figurative - come together. Among the topics touched on by this book are display scripts, monograms, nomina sacra and carmina figurata, epigraphic inscriptions, chrysography and color, speech scrolls, relationships among author, scribe and artist as expressed through scripts, the anthropomorphic dimensions of abstract lettering, and the impact of iconic scripts on the reader--Publisher description."	Jeffrey F Hamburger	ND2920.H353 2014The political force of musical beauty  	"In The Political Force of Musical Beauty, Barry Shank shows how musical acts and performances generate their own aesthetic and political force, creating, however fleetingly, a shared sense of the world among otherwise diverse listeners. Rather than focusing on the ways in which music enables the circulation of political messages, he argues that communities grounded in the act and experience of listening can give rise to new political ideas and expression. Analyzing a wide range of 'beautiful music' within popular and avant-garde genres--including the Japanese traditions in the music of Takemitsu Toru and Yoko Ono, the drone of the Velvet Underground, and the insistence of hardcore punk and Riot grrrl post-punk--Shank finds that when it fulfills the promise of combining sonic and lyrical differences into a cohesive whole, musical beauty has the power to reorganize the basis of social relations and produce communities that recognize meaningful difference.--Publisher's Web site."	Barry Shank	ML3916.S53 2014What kind of liberation? : women and the occupation of Iraq 	"In the run-up to war in Iraq, the Bush administration assured the world that America's interest was in liberation - especially for women. In this first book to examine how Iraqi women have fared since the invasion, What Kind of Liberation? reports from the heart of the war zone with dire news of scarce resources, growing unemployment, violence, and seclusion. Moreover, the book exposes the gap between rhetoric that placed women center stage and the present reality of their diminishing roles in the new Iraq. Based on interviews with Iraqi women's rights activists, international policymakers, and NGO workers and illustrated with photographs taken by Iraqi women, What Kind of Liberation? speaks through an astonishing array of voices. Nadje Al-Ali and Nicola Pratt correct the widespread view that the country's violence, sectarianism, and systematic erosion of women's rights come from something inherent in Muslim, Middle Eastern, or Iraqi culture. They also demonstrate how in spite of competing political agendas, Iraqi women activists are resolutely pressing to be part of the political transition, reconstruction, and shaping of the new Iraq.--Jacket."	Nadje Sadig Al-Ali	HQ1735.A66 2009Bonds of alliance : indigenous and Atlantic slaveries in New France 	"In the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, French colonists and their Native allies participated in a slave trade that spanned half of North America, carrying thousands of Native Americans into bondage in the Great Lakes, Canada, and the Caribbean. In Bonds of Alliance, Brett Rushforth reveals the dynamics of this system from its origins to the end of French colonial rule. Balancing a vast geographic and chronological scope with careful attention to the lives of enslaved individuals, this book gives voice to those who lived through the ordeal of slavery and, along the way, shaped French and Native societies. Rather than telling a simple story of colonial domination and Native victimization, Rushforth argues that Indian slavery in New France emerged at the nexus of two very different forms of slavery: one indigenous to North America and the other rooted in the Atlantic world. The alliances that bound French and Natives together forced a century-long negotiation over the nature of slavery and its place in early American society. Neither fully Indian nor entirely French, slavery in New France drew upon and transformed indigenous and Atlantic cultures in complex and surprising ways.;Based on thousands of French and Algonquian-language manuscripts archived in Canada, France, the United States and the Caribbean, Bonds of Alliance bridges the divide between continental and Atlantic approaches to early American history. By discovering unexpected connections between distant peoples and places, Rushforth sheds new light on a wide range of subjects, including intercultural diplomacy, colonial law, gender and sexuality, and the history of race.--Univ. of North Carolina Press."	Brett Rushforth	HT1051.R87 2012Nature's Civil War : common soldiers and the environment in 1862 Virginia 	"In the Shenandoah Valley and Peninsula Campaigns of 1862, Union and Confederate soldiers faced unfamiliar and harsh environmental conditions--strange terrain, tainted water, swarms of flies and mosquitoes, interminable rain and snow storms, and oppressive heat--which contributed to escalating disease and diminished morale. Using soldiers' letters, diaries, and memoirs, plus a wealth of additional personal accounts, medical sources, newspapers, and government documents, Kathryn Shively Meier reveals how these soldiers strove to maintain their physical and mental health by combating their deadliest enemy--nature. Meier explores how soldiers forged informal networks of health care based on prewar civilian experience and adopted a universal set of self-care habits, including boiling water, altering camp terrain, eradicating insects, supplementing their diets with fruits and vegetables, constructing protective shelters, and most controversially, straggling. In order to improve their health, soldiers periodically had to adjust their ideas of manliness, class values, and race to the circumstances at hand. While self-care often proved superior to relying upon the inchoate military medical infrastructure, commanders chastised soldiers for testing army discipline, ultimately redrawing the boundaries of informal health care.--Jacket."	Kathryn Shively Meier	E621.M45 2013The silent majority : suburban politics in the Sunbelt South 	"In The Silent Majority, Matthew Lassiter provides the first regionwide account of the suburbanization of the South from the perpsective of corporate leaders, political activists, and especially of ordinary families who lived in booming Sunbelt metropolises such as Atlanta, Charlotte, and Richmond. This book examines crucial battles over racial integration, court-ordered busing, and housing segregation to explain how the South moved from the era of Jim Crow fully into the mainstream of national currents. The Silent Majority traces the emergence of a color-blind ideology in the white middle-class suburbs that defended residential segregation and neighborhood schools as the natural outcomes of market forces and individual meritocracy rather than the unconstitutional products of discriminatory public policies. Lassiter rejects the framework of southern distinctiveness and the conventional wisdom that Republican growth in the region resulted primarily from a top-down, race-driven Southern Strategy. The Silent Majority is critical reading for those interested in urban and suburban studies, political and social history, the civil rights movement, public policy, and the intersection of race and class in modern America.--Jacket."	Matthew D Lassiter	F216.2.L37 2006"Mining My Antonia : excerpts, drawings & a map "	"In the summer of 2010 I spent a month in the gallery at Reed College listening to a recording of Willa Cather's 1918 novel, 'My Antonia'. I had wanted to put myself in the position of a first-time reader and respond to the story however it moved me ... I was amazed and captivated by the pure gorgeousness of Cather's writing. What took me by surprise was how emotional this experience became. Listening each day to her descriptions of the landscape and the sky brought me to tears, the kind that have no root in sadness or nostalgia but came from a place deep in my being. I surrendured myself to her words, retyping excerpts onto many scraps of paper and pinning them to the walls of the gallery or suspending them from fishing line for viewers to bump into. Using the entire floor of the gallery, I mapped out the novel with colored drafting and electrical tapes, assigning a color and size to each character. The end result resembled a map of the London Underground and the room was a kind of exploded view of the novel. Visitors navigated the story as they roamed around the gallery. This object represents a desire to put this experience back into book form--Introduction & Explanation."	Barbara Tetenbaum	N7433.4.T47M56 2012The whole duty of man according to the law of nature  	"In The Whole Duty of Man (1691), first published in Latin in 1673 as De officio hominis et civis, Pufendorf elaborates his conception of ethics, which separates civil duties from religious hopes. Unlike many Christian political theologians of the seventeenth century, Pufendorf refused to ground his natural law ethics in the ideal of human perfection or holiness; rather, he grounded them in the need for sociability, which he regarded as simply a means to an end - that is, human self-preservation and civil peace. Like Grotius and Hobbes, Pufendorf was responding to the religious wars that wracked early modern Europe by constructing a version of natural law capable of defending the civil state against the religious and moral delegitimation wielded by international Catholicism and Protestant zealots.--Jacket."	Samuel Pufendorf	K457.P8D4313 2003Outside Mullingar  	"In the work of John Patrick Shanley, the truth is as charming as it is painful, reality as touched with magic as it is factual, and existence as absolute as it is illusory.--BOMB magazineFor Anthony and Rosemary, introverted misfits straddling forty, love seems unlikely. In this very Irish story with a surprising depth of poetic passion, these yearning, eccentric souls fight their way towards solid ground and happiness. Their journey is heartbreaking, funny as hell, and ultimately, deeply moving. Set in the Irish countryside, Outside Mullingar has been dubbed the Irish Moonstruck and will premiere on Broadway in 2014, starring Debra Messing and Brian F. O'Byrne and helmed by Doug Hughes, the Tony Award-winning director of Doubt. John Patrick Shanley is from the Bronx. His plays include Danny and the Deep Blue Sea, Savage in Limbo, and Dirty Story. His trilogy Church and State began with Doubt, followed by Defiance and Storefront Church. For his play Doubt, the playwright received both the Tony Award and the Pulitzer Prize. He has nine films to his credit, including the five-time Oscar-nominated Doubt with Meryl Streep, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Amy Adams, and Viola Davis. Other films include Five Corners, Alive, Joe Versus The Volcano, and Live From Baghdad for HBO (Emmy nomination). For Moonstruck, he received both the Writers Guild Award and the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. The Writers Guild of America awarded Shanley the 2009 Lifetime Achievement Award in Writing--Provided by publisher."	John Patrick Shanley	PS3569.H3337O97 2014Staging faith : religion and African American theater from the Harlem renaissance to World War II 	"In the years between the Harlem Renaissance and World War II, African American playwrights gave birth to a vital black theater movement in the U.S. It was a movement overwhelmingly concerned with the role of religion in black identity. In a time of profound social transformation fueled by a massive migration from the rural south to the urban industrial centers of the north, scripts penned by dozens of black playwrights reflected cultural tensions, often rooted in class, that revealed competing conceptions of religion's role in the formation of racial identity. Black playwrights pointed in quite different ways toward approaches to church, scripture, belief, and ritual that they deemed beneficial to the advancement of the race. Their plays were important not only in mirroring theological reflection of the time, but in helping to shape African American thought about religion in black communities. The religious themes of these plays were in effect arguments about the place of religion in African American lives. In Staging Faith, Craig R. Prentiss illuminates the creative strategies playwrights used to grapple with religion. With a lively and engaging style, the volume brings long forgotten plays to life as it chronicles the cultural and religious fissures that marked early twentieth century African American society.--Publisher's description."	Craig R Prentiss	PN2270.A35P74 2014Senecan tragedy and the reception of Augustan poetry  	"In their practice of aemulatio, the mimicry of older models of writing, the Augustan poets often looked to the Greeks: Horace drew inspiration from the lyric poets, Virgil from Homer, and Ovid from Hesiod, Callimachus, and others. But by the time of the great Roman tragedian Seneca, the Augustan poets had supplanted the Greeks as the classics to which Seneca and his contemporaries referred. Indeed, Augustan poetry is a reservoir of language, motif, and thought for Seneca's writing. Strangely, however, there has not yet been a comprehensive study revealing the relationship between Seneca and his Augustan predecessors. Christopher Trinacty's Senecan Tragedy and the Reception of Augustan Poetry is the long-awaited answer to the call for such a study. Senecan Tragedy and the Reception of Augustan Poetry uniquely places Senecan tragedy in its Roman literary context, offering a further dimension to the motivations and meaning behind Seneca's writings. By reading Senecan tragedy through an intertextual lens, Trinacty reveals Seneca's awareness of his historical moment, in which the Augustan period was eroding steadily around him. Seneca, looking back to the poetry of Horace, Virgil, and Ovid, acts as a critical interpreter of both their work and their era. He deconstructs the language of the Augustan poets, refiguring it through the perspective of his tragic protagonists. In doing so, he positions himself as a critic of the Augustan tradition and reveals a poetic voice that often subverts the classical ethos of that tradition. Through this process of reappropriation Seneca reveals much about himself as a playwright and as a man: In the inventive manner in which he re-employs the Augustan poets' language, thought, and poetics within the tragic framework, Seneca gives his model works new--and uniquely Senecan--life. Trinacty's analysis sheds new light both on Seneca and on his Augustan predecessors. As such, Senecan Tragedy and the Reception of Augustan Poetry promises to be a groundbreaking contribution to the study of both Senecan tragedy and Augustan poetry. --Provided by publisher."	Christopher V Trinacty	PA6685.T75 2014Open wound : the long view of race in America 	"In this boldly interpretive narrative, the author tells the story of America's paradox of democracy entangled with a centuries old system of racial oppression. Before English colonization, Spanish and Portuguese conquerors enslaved American natives to produce for a European market. They saw their slaves become addicted to sugar, rum, and tobacco, and sicken and die in apocalyptic numbers. They began to import Africans, who survived the killer plantation diseases long enough to allow stable production, and a new kind of slavery was born, both market driven and defined as black. A century later, English planters adopted this slavery. They passed on to future generations a racial system of interacting practices and ideas. Its ideas first justified black slavery, then, after the Civil War, other forms of coerced black labor, and, today, black poverty and unemployment. At three historical moments, a crisis in the larger society opened political space for idealists to challenge the racial system: during the American Revolution, then during the irrepressible conflict ending in the Civil War, and, finally, during the Cold War and the colonial liberation movements. Each challenge resulted in a historic advance. But none swept clean. The emancipations of the era of the Revolution left the nation part free, part slave. The Civil War emancipated the slaves but left them half free. In the 1950s and '60s, a convergence of the colonial liberation movements and the Cold War created a crisis that opened space for the Black Freedom Movement to liberate many African Americans from a segregated bottom stratum of American society. Class became more important than color. But never had class, being poor, been a more formidable obstacle for any individual, black or white, to getting ahead. Many African Americans remain segregated in jobless ghettos with dilapidated schools and dismal prospects in an increasingly polarized class society. Evans sees a new crisis looming in a convergence of environmental disaster, endless wars, and economic collapse, which may again open space for a challenge to the racial system. African Americans, with their memory of their centuries old struggle against oppressors, appear uniquely placed to play a central role."	William McKee Evans	E185.E93 2009The Jesus movement and its expansion : meaning and mission 	"In this book Sea<U+00cc><U+0081>n Freyne explores the rise and expansion of early Christianity within the context of the Greco-Roman world -- the living, dynamic matrix of Jesus and his followers. In addition to offering fresh insights into Jesus' Jewish upbringing and the possible impact of Greco-Roman lifestyles on Him and His followers, Freyne delves into the mission and expansion of the Jesus movement in Palestine and beyond during the first hundred years of its development."	Sea<U+00cc><U+0081>n Freyne	BR165.F77 2014An introduction to Daoist philosophies  	"In this book the author explores in detail the fundamental concepts of Daoist thought as represented in three early texts: the Laozi, the Zhuangzi, and the Liezi. Readers interested in philosophy yet unfamiliar with Daoism will gain a comprehensive understanding of these works from this analysis, and readers fascinated by ancient China who also wish to grasp its philosophical foundations will appreciate the clarity and depth of the author's explanations. He writes a volume for all readers, whether or not they have a background in philosophy or Chinese studies. A work of comparative philosophy, this volume also integrates the concepts and methods of contemporary philosophical discourse into a discussion of early Chinese thought. The resulting dialogue relates ancient Chinese thought to contemporary philosophical issues and uses modern Western ideas and approaches to throw new interpretive light on classical texts. Rather than function as historical curiosities, these works act as living philosophies in conversation with contemporary thought and experience. The author respects the multiplicity of Daoist philosophies while also revealing a distinctive philosophical sensibility, and he provides clear explanations of these complex texts without resorting to oversimplification. -- From publisher's website."	Steve Coutinho	B162.7.C68 2013The dolphin in the mirror : exploring dolphin minds and saving dolphin lives 	"In this book the author, a leading authority on dolphin intelligence shares scientific information about dolphin creativity, emotions, and communication abilities while advocating for stronger dolphin protection laws. The book reveals the extraordinary richness of these animals' intelligence and exposing our terrible mistreatment of the smartest creatures in the sea. For centuries, humans and dolphins have enjoyed a special relationship, evident not just in mythology and folklore but in many documented encounters. Some past cultures even worshipped dolphins and condemned anyone who killed or wounded of them. Yet in recent decades, a paradox: on the one hand, we have discovered extraordinary depths of dolphin intelligence and their emotional lives, to the point of glimpsing their self-consciousness, on the other hand, in Japan, dolphins are slaughtered indiscriminately, and several nations keep them in cruel conditions. The author has helped lead the revolution in dolphin understanding for three decades. In addition, as an activist, she is a leading rescuer who helped inspire and served as an adviser for The Cove, and who continues to campaign against the annual Japanese slaughters. Here, she combines her science and activism to show us just how smart dolphins really are, and why we must stop mistreating them. Readers will be astonished at dolphins' sonar capabilities; at their sophisticated, lifelong playfulness; at their emotional intelligence; and at their ability to bond with other species, including humans and even dogs! Her beloved companion dolphins, each with distinct personalities, create their own toys, type commands on a keyboard, tease and scold her playfully, and express their affection and delight. In her most famous experiments, she used a mirror to prove that dolphins are self-aware, and even self-conscious. This book is both a scientific revelation and a emotional eye-opener, revealing one of the greatest intelligences on Earth."	Diana Reiss	QL737.C432R457 2011"Junior paleontologist activity book, ages 5 to 12 : explore, learn, protect."	"In this book you can learn about ancient life, complete fun activities, and explore just some of the more than 220 national parks that are known to preserve fossils and which offer a look into the past."	Krista L Jankowski	QE715.J36 2009 grade K-6The memory of pain : women's testimonies of the Holocaust 	"In this book, Camila Loew analyzes four women's testimonial literary writings on the Holocaust to examine and question some of the tenets of the fields of Holocaust studies, gender studies, and testimony. Through a close reading of the works of Charlotte Delbo, Margarete Buber-Neumann, Ruth Klu_ger, and Marguerite Duras, Loew foregrounds these authors' search for a written form to engage with their experiences of the extreme. Although each chapter contains its individual focus and features, the book possesses a unity in intention, concerns, and consequences. In the theoretical introduction that unites the four chapters, Loew eschews essentialism and revises the emergence of the field of Women and Holocaust studies from the early 1980s on, and signals some of its shortcomings. In response, and in accordance with a recent turn in various disciplines of the Humanities, Loew highlights the ethical dimension of testimony and its responsible commitment to the other. In dealing with the texts as literary testimonies--a complex genre, between literature and history, --testimony is freed from the obligation to respond to the requirements of factual truth, and becomes a privileged form to voice the traumatic event, and to symbolically explore the role of excess.--Publisher's website."	Camila Loew	D804.195.L64 2011Chinese among others : emigration in modern times 	"In this book, distinguished historian Philip A. Kuhn tells the five-century story of Chinese emigration as an integral part of China's modern history. Although emigration has a much longer past, its modern phase dates from the sixteenth century, when European colonialists began to collaborate with Chinese emigrants to develop a worldwide trading system. The author explores both internal and external migration, complementary parts of a far-reaching process of adaptation that enabled Chinese families to deal with their changing social environments. Skills and institutions developed in the course of internal migration were creatively modified to serve the needs of emigrants in foreign lands.;The post-Mao era offers emigrants new opportunities to leverage their expatriate status to do business with a Chinese nation eager for their investments, donations, and technologies. The resulting new migration, the author argues, is but the latest phase of a centuries-old process by which Chinese have sought livelihoods away from home.--Jacket."	Philip A Kuhn	DS732.K77 2008Ecology of fear : Los Angeles and the imagination of disaster 	"In this book, Mike Davis unravels the secret political history of disaster, real and imaginary, in Southern California. As he surveys the earthquakes of Santa Monica, the burning of Koreatown, the invasion of man-eating mountain lions, the movie Volcano, and even Los Angeles's underrated tornado problem, he exposes the deep complicity between social injustice and perceptions of natural disorder. Arguing that paranoia about nature obscures the fact that Los Angeles has deliberately put itself in harm's way, Davis reveals how market-driven urbanization has for generations transgressed against environmental common sense. And he shows that the floods, fires, and earthquakes reaped by the city were tragedies as avoidable - and unnatural - as the beating of Rodney King and the ensuing explosion in the streets."	Mike Davis	HN80.L7D37 1998The way of the world  	"In this expressionistic Restoration comedy man is depicted in a distorted exaggerated fashion in order to make fun of ambition, nobility, idealism and government. It explores the battle for wealth and fortune as well as the search for security and constancy in courtship. This was a major influence on the theatre of the absurd."	William Congreve	PR3364.W3 1958Aristotle  	"In this extensively revised new edition of his excellent guidebook, Christopher Shields introduces the whole of Aristotle's philosophy, showing how his powerful conception of human nature shaped much of his thinking on the nature of the soul and the mind, ethics, politics, and the arts. -- Book Cover."	Christopher John Shields	B485.S44 2014"Blogs, Wikipedia, Second life, and Beyond : from production to produsage "	"In this groundbreaking exploration of our developing participatory online culture, Axel Bruns establishes the core principles which drive the rise of collaborative content creation in environments, from open source through blogs and Wikipedia to Second Life. This book shows that what's emerging here is no longer just a new form of content production, but a new process for the continuous creation and extension of knowledge and art by collaborative communities: produsage. The implications of the gradual shift from production to produsage are profound, and will affect the very core of our culture, economy, society, and democracy.--Jacket."	Axel Bruns	ZA4482.B78 2008"The English Civil War : Papists, gentlewomen, soldiers, and witchfinders in the birth of modern Britain "	"In this history of the violent struggle between the monarchy and parliament that tore apart seventeenth-century England, a rising star among British historians sheds new light on the people who fought and died during those tumultuous years. Like the Magna Carta or the American Revolution, the English Civil War concerned fundamental questions of sovereignty and political rights that are still the guiding principles of democracies today. But the political revolutions came at a price: the execution of a king, brutal persecution of Catholics and Royalists, and years of tyranny. Drawing on exciting new sources, including letters, memoirs, ballads, plays, illustrations, and even cookbooks, Diane Purkiss creates a portrait of this turbulent era.--Jacket."	Diane Purkiss	DA415.P87 2006"Music, print and culture in early sixteenth-century Italy  "	"In this illustrated study, Iain Fenlon examines the impact of the spread of printing on the publication of music in early sixteenth-century Italy, the place where the first collections of polyphonic music were printed and where the market for those books was originally created. Music, Print and Culture in Early Sixteenth-Century Italy is the published record of the tenth series of Panizzi Lectures, delivered at The British Library by Dr Iain Fenlon in autumn 1994."	Iain Fenlon	ML112.F4M87 1995Transfiguring the arts and sciences : knowledge and cultural institutions in the Romantic age 	"In this important and innovative study Jon Klancher shows how the Romantic age produced a new discourse of the Arts and Sciences by reconfiguring the Enlightenment's idea of knowledge and by creating new kinds of cultural institutions with unprecedented public impact. He investigates the work of poets, lecturers, moral philosophers, scientists and literary critics - including Coleridge, Godwin, Bentham, Davy, Wordsworth, Robinson, Shelley and Hunt - and traces their response to book collectors and bibliographers, art-and-science administrators, painters, engravers, natural philosophers, radical journalists, editors and reviewers. Taking a historical and cross-disciplinary approach, he opens up Romantic literary and critical writing to transformations in the history of science, history of the book, art history, and the little-known history of arts-and-sciences administration that linked early modern projects to nineteenth- and twentieth-cnetury modes of organizing knowledges. His conclusions transform the ways we think about knowledge, both in the Romantic period and in our own.  A long-awaited major study by a leading scholar of the culture and ideas of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries ; Gives us a new basis for understanding why and how literature became a more specialized discipline in the Romantic age ; Offers a prehistory of the later social sciences by showing how economic, sociological, statistical and other social-scientific understandings were mobilized by the writers of this period.--Publisher website."	Jon P Klancher	PR468.K56K48 2013"Things I should have told my daughter : lies, lessons & love affairs "	"In this inspiring memoir, the award-winning playwright and bestselling author of What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day reminisces on the art of juggling marriage, motherhood, and politics while working to become a successful writer. In addition to being one of the most popular living playwrights in America, Pearl Cleage is a bestselling author with an Oprah Book Club pick and multiple awards to her credit. But there was a time when such stellar success seemed like a dream. In this revelatory and deeply personal work, Cleage takes readers back to the 1970s and '80s, retracing her struggles to hone her craft amidst personal and professional tumult. Though born and raised in Detroit, it was in Atlanta that Cleage encountered the forces that would most shape her experience. Married to Michael Lomax, now head of the United Negro College Fund, she worked with Maynard Jackson, Atlanta's first African-American mayor. Lies, Lessons & Love Affairs charts not only the political fights, but also the pull she began to feel to focus on her own passions, including writing--a pull that led her away from Lomax as she grappled with ideas of feminism and self-fulfillment. This fascinating memoir follows her journey from a columnist for a local weekly (bought by Larry Flynt) to a playwright and Hollywood script writer, an artist at the crossroads of culture and politics whose circle came to include luminaries like Richard Pryor, Avery Brooks, Phylicia Rashad, Shirley Franklin, and Jesse Jackson. By the time Oprah Winfrey picked What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day as a favorite, Cleage had long since arrived as a writer of renown. In the tradition of greats like Susan Sontag, Joan Didion, and Nora Ephron, Cleage's self-portrait raises women's confessional writing to the level of great literature--Provided by publisher.;An inspiring and revelatory memoir of juggling marriage, motherhood and politics as she worked to become a successful writer and self-fulfilled woman--Provided by publisher."	Pearl Cleage	PS3553.L389Z46 2014Susan Sontag  	"In this new biography Jerome Boyd Maunsell assesses the astonishing scope of Sontag's life and work, tracing her growth during her academic career at Chicago, Oxford, the Sorbonne and Harvard, through her marriage to Philip Rieff at the age of 17, to the birth of her son David and her relationships with women.;'My idea of a writer: someone interested in everything', declared Susan Sontag (1933 - 2004). Essayist, diarist, filmmaker, novelist and playwright, her own life seemed to match this ideal. As well as writing in an unusually broad array of genres, Sontag wrote about a startling range of topics - from literature, dance, film and painting to cancer, AIDS and the ethics of war reportage. Few have captured the twentieth century in the same manner. In this new biography Jerome Boyd Maunsell assesses the astonishing scope of Sontag's life and work, tracing her growth during her academic career at Chicago, Oxford, the Sorbonne and Harvard, through her marriage to Philip Rieff at the age of seventeen, to the birth of her son David and her relationships with women. From Sontag's literary life in New York to her diagnosis of cancer in the mid-1970s and her miraculous rebirth as a novelist and critic in the 1980s and '90s, this biography puts intellectual development hand-in-hand with the personal, providing an integrated picture of Sontag as private person and public figure. Drawing on her extensive diaries, Susan Sontag gives a far more intimate portrait than has been previously possible of Sontag's struggles in love, in marriage, as a mother and as a writer. It offers an essential re-evaluation of a pivotal figure that is of interest to anyone concerned with literary history or culture. -- Publisher's description."	Jerome Boyd Maunsell	PS3569.O6547Z78 2014George Eliot  	"In this new study, Pauline Nestor offers a challenging reassessment of Eliot's contribution to the critical debates, both of her age and of our own era. In particular, she examines the author's literary exploration of ethics, especially in relation to the negotiation of difference. Nestor argues compellingly that, through a reading of their sophisticated drama of otherness, Eliot's novels can be seen as freshly relevant to contemporary theoretical debates in feminism, moral philosophy, post-colonial studies and psychoanalysis.--Jacket."	Pauline Nestor	PR4688.N47 2002Walking to Martha's Vineyard : poems 	"In this radiant new collection, Franz Wright shares his regard for life in all its forms and his belief in the promise of blessing and renewal. As he watches the Resurrection of the little apple tree outside my window, he shakes off his fear of mortality, concluding what death ... There is only mine or yours, - but the world will be filled with the living. In prayer like poems he invokes the one who spoke the world / into being and celebrates a dazzling universe-snowflakes descending at nightfall, the intense yellow petals of the September sunflower, the planet adrift in a blizzard of stars, the simple mystery of loving other people. As Wright overcomes a natural tendency toward loneliness and isolation, he gives voice to his hope for the only animal that commits suicide, and, to our deep pleasure, he arrives at a place of gratitude that is grounded in the earth and its moods. A new collection by the author of The Beforelife reflects his regard for life in every form and his belief in the promise of blessing and renewal, sharing through a series of prayer-like works his observations of such topics as a suicidal animal, snowflakes, and the mysteries of love."	Franz Wright	PS3573.R5327W3 2003The ancient Olympic games  	"In this revised and enlarged edition of her guide to the ancient Games, Judith Swaddling traces their mythological and religious origins and describes the events, the sacred ceremony and the celebrations that were an essential part of the Olympic festival. A large, detailed model based on modern research and excavation reconstructs the site of ancient Olympia, where alongside religious and civic buildings there grew an elaborate sports complex with a stadium for 40,000 spectators, indoor and outdoor training facilities, hot and cold baths, a swimming pool and a race-course. New chapters cover the diet and medical treatment of athletes, sponsorship, patronage and propaganda and revivals of the Games.--Jacket."	Judith Swaddling	GV23.S9 1999German modernism : music and the arts 	In this volume the author explores the relationships between music and early modernism in the Austro-German sphere.	Walter Frisch	ML275.F75 2005Black marxism : the making of the Black radical tradition 	"In this work, first published in 1983, Cedric Robinson demonstrates that efforts to understand Black people's history of resistance solely through the prism of Marxist theory are incomplete and inaccurate. Marxist analyses tend to presuppose European models of history and experience that downplay the significance of Black people and Black communities as agents of change and resistance. Black radicalism must be linked to the traditions of Africa and the unique experiences of Blacks on western continents, Robinson argues, and any analyses of African American history need to acknowledge this.--Jacket."	Cedric J Robinson	HX436.5.R63 2000Native Seattle : histories from the crossing-over place 	"In traditional scholarship, Native Americans have been conspicuously absent from urban history. Indians appear at the time of contact, are involved in fighting or treaties, and then seem to vanish, usually onto reservations. In Native Seattle, Coll Thrush explodes the commonly accepted notion that Indians and cities - and thus Indian and urban histories - are mutually exclusive, that Indians and cities cannot coexist, and that one must necessarily be eclipsed by the other. Native people and places played a vital part in the founding of Seattle and in what the city is today, just as urban changes transformed what it meant to be Native.;On the urban indigenous frontier of the 1850s, 1860s, and 1870s, Indians were central to town life. Native Americans literally made Seattle possible through their labor and their participation, even as they were made scapegoats for urban disorder. As late as 1880, Seattle was still very much a Native place. Between the 1880s and the 1930s, however, Seattle's urban and Indian histories were transformed as the town turned into a metropolis. Massive changes in the urban environment dramatically affected indigenous people's abilities to survive in traditional places. The movement of many Native people and their material culture to Seattle from all across the region inspired new identities both for the migrants and for the city itself.;As boosters, historians, and pioneers tried to explain Seattle's historical trajectory, they told stories about Indians: as hostile enemies, as exotic Others, and as noble symbols of a vanished wilderness. But by the beginning of World War II, a new multitribal urban Native community had begun to take shape in Seattle, even as it was overshadowed by the city's appropriation of Indian images to understand and sell itself.;After World War II, more changes in the city, combined with the agency of Native people, led to a new visibility and authority for Indians in Seattle. The descendants of Seattle's indigenous peoples capitalized on broader historical revisionism to claim new authority over urban places and narratives. At the beginning of the twenty-first century, Native people have returned to the center of civic life, not as contrived symbols of a whitewashed past but on their own terms. In Seattle, the strands of urban and Indian history have always been intertwined. Including an atlas of indigenous Seattle created with linguist Nile Thompson, Native Seattle is a new kind of urban Indian history, a book with implications that reach far beyond the region.--Jacket."	Coll-Peter Thrush	E78.W3T47 2007A bestiary  	"In writing his memoirs, Higgins exposes the sources for many of his novels and stories, giving the readers a rare look into the story behind the story. But A Bestiary is more than a factual expose - this collection of memories is constructed in a novelistic way, creating a work of literary art out of a life.--Jacket."	Aidan Higgins	PR6058.I34Z463 2004The complete Taj Mahal : and the riverfront gardens of Agra 	"Includes the Mughal Agra, a riverfront garden city, the construction of the Taj Mahal, The parts of the Taj Mahal, the house of the queen, and much more."	Ebba Koch	NA6183.K63 2006bThe ecology of the Bari : rainforest horticulturalists of South America 	"Inhabiting the rainforest of the southwest Maracaibo Basin, split by the border between Colombia and Venezuela, the Bari have survived centuries of incursions. Anthropologist Roberto Lizarralde began studying the Bari in 1960, when he made the first modern peaceful contact with this previously unreceptive people; he was joined by anthropologist Stephen Beckerman in 1970. The Ecology of the Bari showcases the findings of their singular long-term study. Detailing the Bari's relations with natural and social environments, this work presents quantitative subsistence data unmatched elsewhere in anthropological publications. The authors' lengthy longitudinal fieldwork provided the rare opportunity to study a tribal people before, during, and after their aboriginal patterns of subsistence and reproduction were eroded by the modern world. Of particular interest is the book's exploration of partible paternity--the widespread belief in lowland South America that a child can have more than one biological father. The study illustrates its quantitative findings with an in-depth biographical sketch of the remarkable life of an individual Bari woman and a history of Bari relations with outsiders, as well as a description of the rainforest environment that has informed all aspects of Bari history for the past five hundred years. Focusing on subsistence, defense, and reproduction, the chapters beautifully capture the Bari's traditional culture and the loss represented by its substantial transformation over the past half-century.--Publisher's description."	Stephen Beckerman	F2319.2.M6B43 2013The efficacious landscape : on the authorities of painting at the Northern Song court 	"Ink landscape painting is a distinctive feature of the Northern Song, and painters of this era produced some of the most celebrated artworks in Chinese history. The Efficacious Landscape addresses how landmark works of this pivotal period first came to be identified as potent symbols of imperial authority and later became objects through which exiled scholars expressed disaffection and dissent. In fulfilling these diverse roles, landscape demonstrated its efficacy in communicating through embodiment and in transcending the limitations of the concrete. Building on decades of monographic writings on Song painting, this carefully researched study presents a syncretic vision of how ink landscape evolved within the eleventh-century court community of artists, scholars, and aristocrats. Detailed visual analyses of surviving works and new insight about key landscapes by the court painter Guo Xi support the perspective put forward here and introduce original methodologies for interpreting painting as an integral element of political and cultural history. By focusing on the efforts of emperors, empresses, and eunuchs to cultivate ink landscape and its iconography, this investigation also tackles the social and class dichotomies that have long defined and frustrated existing scholarship on this periods paintings, highlighting instead the interconnectedness of painting practices elite modalities. -- Publisher's description"	Leong Ping Foong	ND1366.715.F66 2015The new science of intimate relationships  	"Integrating the latest scientific work from social and evolutionary psychology, this work describes the reality of the intimate lives and minds of both men and women. The text analyses a number of fascinating relationship questions."	Garth J O Fletcher	BF575.I5.F54 2002"God, the devil, and Darwin : a critique of intelligent design theory "	"Intelligent Design theory (ID) proposes an alternative to accepted accounts of evolutionary theory: that life is so complex, and that the universe is so fine-tuned for the appearance of life, that the only plausible explanation is the existence of an intelligent designer. For many ID theorists, the designer is taken to be the god of Christianity. Niall Shanks has written the first accessible introduction to, and critique of, this controversial new intellectual movement.--Jacket."	Niall Shanks	BS651.S54 2004"The Flemish primitives : the masterpieces : Robert Campin (Master of Fle_malle), Jan van Eyck, Rogier van der Weyden ... "	"Intensely realistic, piercingly beautiful, the art of the Flemish Primitives inspires powerful emotional responses. Painted during the fifteenth century, in the southern Netherlands, these influential and enduring works helped establish the foundations of modern European painting. Sumptuously illustrated with more than two hundred color reproductions, including many newly photographed details, this gorgeous book showcases the art of these master painters of the Northern Renaissance. It focuses on thoughtfully selected major works by the most important of the artists who were later--and rather misleadingly--dubbed the Flemish Primitives: Robert Campin (the Master of Fle_lle), Jan van Eyck, Rogier van der Weyden, Petrus Christus, Dieric Bouts, Hugo van der Goes, Hans Memling, and Gerard David. Working at the hub and heart of the Burgundian realm, these artists ushered in the triumph of realism. Their new system of painting in transparent layers yielded colors of a saturation and depth never before seen and imbued their sensual human forms with a stunning luminosity. They developed new symbolic associations, experimented with light, and expressed the cultural changes taking place around them, including a heightened spirituality and the emergence of a wealthy bourgeoisie.--Publisher's description."	Dirk de Vos	ND669.F5V67 2002"No place to hide : Edward Snowden, the NSA, and the U.S. surveillance state "	"Investigative reporter Glenn Greenwald provides an in-depth look into the National Security Agency scandal that has triggered a national debate over national security and information privacy. With further revelations from documents entrusted to Glenn Greenwald by Edward Snowden himself, this book explores the extraordinary cooperation between private industry and the NSA, and the far-reaching consequences of the government's surveillance program, both domestically and abroad."	Glenn Greenwald	JF1525.W45G74 2014The green years. 	Irish orphan tells of his life amid the craggy scenery of a dour little Scottish town.	A J Cronin	PZ3.C8772GsPR6005.R68Pastoral  	"Is the pastoral dead? Gifford adds fuel to the fiery debate in this lively examination of contemporary and classical nature writing. He begins by clarifying the different uses of pastoral and tracing the history of the genre from its classical origins in the poetic dialogues of supposed shepherds, to the Elizabethan dramas such as The Winter's Tale, through the pastoral poetry of Pope and Wordsworth, to the more recent rural novels and contemporary American nature writing. Including pastoral and antipastoral texts, the book traces the pastoral impulse of retreat and return with close readings of quoted texts, cultural studies, and ecocriticism."	Terry Gifford	PR149.P3G64 1999Taken at the Flood : the Roman Conquest of Greece 	"Is there anyone on earth who is so narrow-minded or uninquisitive that he could fail to want to know how and thanks to what kind of political system almost the entire known world was conquered and brought under a single empire in less than fifty-three years?--Polybius, Histories. The 53-year period Polybius had in mind stretched from the start of the Second Punic War in 219 BCE until 167, when Rome overthrew the Macedonian monarchy and divided the country into four independent republics. This was the crucial half-century of Rome's spectacular rise to imperial status, but Roman interest in its eastern neighbors began a little earlier, with the First Illyrian War of 229, and climaxed later with the infamous destruction of Corinth in 146. Taken at the Flood chronicles this momentous move by Rome into the Greek east. Until now, this period of history has been overshadowed by the threat of Carthage in the west, but events in the east were no less important in themselves, and Robin Waterfield's account reveals the peculiar nature of Rome's eastern policy. For over seventy years, the Romans avoided annexation so that they could commit their military and financial resources to the fight against Carthage and elsewhere. Though ultimately a failure, this policy of indirect rule, punctuated by periodic brutal military interventions and intense diplomacy, worked well for several decades, until the Senate finally settled on more direct forms of control. Waterfield's fast-paced narrative focuses mainly on military and diplomatic maneuvers, but throughout he interweaves other topics and themes, such as the influence of Greek culture on Rome, the Roman aristocratic ethos, and the clash between the two best fighting machines the ancient world ever produced: the Macedonian phalanx and Roman legion. The result is an absorbing account of a critical chapter in Rome's mastery of the Mediterranean. - Publisher.;In an absorbing account of a critical chapter in Rome's mastery of the Mediterranean, Robin Waterfield reveals the peculiar nature of Rome's eastern policy. For over seventy years, the Romans avoided annexation so that they could commit their military and financial resources to the fight against Carthage and elsewhere. Though ultimately a failure, this policy of indirect rule, punctuated by periodic brutal military interventions and intense diplomacy, worked well for several decades, until the Senate finally settled on more direct forms of control. Waterfield's fast-paced narrative focuses mainly on military and diplomatic maneuvers, but throughout he interweaves other topics and themes, such as the influence of Greek culture on Rome, the Roman aristocratic ethos, and the clash between the two best fighting machines the ancient world ever produced: the Macedonian phalanx and Roman legion."	Robin Waterfield	DG246.W37 2014Before the nation : Muslim-Christian coexistence and its destruction in late Ottoman Anatolia 	"It is common for survivors of ethnic cleansing and even genocide to speak nostalgically about earlier times of intercommunal harmony and brotherhood. After being driven from their Anatolian homelands, Greek Orthodox refugees insisted that they 'lived well with the Turks', and yearned for the days when they worked and drank coffee together, participated in each other's festivals, and even prayed to the same saints. Historians have never showed serious regard to these memories, given the refugees had fled from horrific 'ethnic' violence that appeared to reflect deep-seated and pre-existing animosities. Refugee nostalgia seemed pure fantasy; perhaps contrived to lessen the pain and humiliations of displacement. Before the Nation argues that there is more than a grain of truth to these nostalgic traditions. It points to the fact that intercommunality, a mode of everyday living based on the accommodation of cultural difference, was a normal and stabilizing feature of multi-ethnic societies. Refugee memory and other ethnographic sources provide ample illustration of the beliefs and practices associated with intercommunal living, which local Muslims and Christian communities likened to a common moral environment. Drawing largely from an oral archive containing interviews with over 5000 refugees, Nicholas Doumanis examines the mentalities, cosmologies, and value systems as they relate to cultures of coexistence. He furthermore rejects the commonplace assumption that the empire was destroyed by intercommunal hatreds. Doumanis emphasizes the role of state-perpetrated political violence which aimed to create ethnically homogenous spaces, and which went some way in transforming these Anatolians into Greeks and Turks.--Publisher's website."	Nicholas Doumanis	BP172.D68 2013The musical structure of Plato's dialogues  	"J. B. Kennedy presents a radical interpretation of the dialogues of Plato. In a detailed and systematic examination of the Symposium and Euthyphro, Kennedy reveals an underlying musical structure to Plato's dialogues, one that uses symbols to encode Pythagorean doctrines. The followers of Pythagoras famously thought that the cosmos had a hidden musical structure and that wise philosophers would be able to hear this harmony of the spheres. Kennedy, an expert in Pythagorean mathematics and music theory, shows that Plato - thought by many of his contemporaries and followers to have been influenced by the Pythagoreans - built a similar, musical structure into his dialogues. Kennedy's careful stichometric analysis reveals that each dialogue can be divided into twelve parts, each symbolically representing the notes in a twelve-note musical scale. These passages are shown to be relatively harmonious or dissonant. Plato used, Kennedy shows, the underlying musical scale as an outline for his dialogues, with arguments and episodes populating the intervals between notes, and major concepts or turns in the argument located at notes. Kennedy's findings are shown to chime with many of Plato's ancient followers who insisted that Plato used symbols to conceal his own views within the dialogues. That modern commentators have denied this, Kennedy argues, is a legacy of the Reformation's turn towards literalism and its rejection of theological allegory. The Musical Structure of Plato's Dialogues argues for the rehabilitation of the allegorical Plato. It is a bold and ambitious book and one that will prompt much debate.--Publisher's website."	J B Kennedy	B395.K466 2011The writing life of James D. Watson  	"James Watson's autobiographical account of the discovery of the structure of DNA, The Double Helix, scandalously portrayed science and scientists as never before. Yet millions of the readers of Watson's most famous book are unaware that he has spent a lifetime inventing new forms and styles of writing about science. His textbooks have changed the way biology is taught. This book, by the scientist and historian Errol Friedberg, is the first to examine the full scope of Jim Watson's writing achievements. It draws extensively on studies of Watson's work, interviews with his co-authors and publishers, access to his personal archives, and conversations with Watson himself, although this is in no sense an authorized account.--Jacket."	Errol C Friedberg	QH506.F746 2005Romanticism in the shadow of war : literary culture in the Napoleonic war years 	"Jeffrey N. Cox reconsiders the history of British Romanticism, seeing the work of Byron, the Shelleys, and Keats responding not only to the 'first generation' Romantics led by Wordsworth, but more directly to the cultural innovations of the Napoleonic War years. Recreating in depth three moments of political crisis and cultural creativity - the Peace of Amiens, the Regency Crisis, and Napoleon's first abdication - Cox shows how 'second generation' Romanticism drew on cultural 'border raids', seeking a global culture at a time of global war. This book explores how the introduction on the London stage of melodrama in 1803 shaped Romantic drama, how Barbauld's prophetic satire Eighteen Hundred and Eleven prepares for the work of the Shelleys, and how Hunt's controversial Story of Rimini showed younger writers how to draw on the Italian cultural archive. Responding to world war, these writers sought to embrace a radically new vision of the world.--Amazon.com."	Jeffrey N Cox	PR451.C69 2014No pity : people with disabilities forging a new civil rights movement 	"Jerry's Kids. The Special Olympics. A blind person with a bundle of pencils in one hand and a tin cup in the other. An old woman being helped across the street by a Boy Scout. The poster child, struggling bravely to walk. The meager, embittered life of the wheelchair-bound. For most Americans, these are the familiar, comfortable images of the disabled: benign, helpless, even heroic, struggling against all odds and grateful for the kindness of strangers. Yet no set of images could be more repellent to people with disabilities. In No Pity: People with Disabilities Forging a New Civil Rights Movement, Joe Shapiro of U.S. News & World Report tells of a political awakening few nondisabled Americans have even imagined. There are over 43 million disabled people in this country alone; for decades most of them have been thought incapable of working, caring for themselves, or contributing to society. But during the last twenty-live years, they, along with their parents and families, have begun to recognize that paraplegia, retardation, deafness, blindness, AIDS, autism, or any of the hundreds of other chronic illnesses and disabilities that differentiate them from the able-bodied are not tragic. The real tragedy is prejudice, our society's and the medical establishment's refusal to recognize that the disabled person is entitled to every right and privilege America can offer. No Pity's chronicle of disabled people's struggle for inclusion, from the seventeenth-century deaf communities on Martha's Vineyard to the enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1992, is only part of the story. Joe Shapiro's five years of in-depth reporting have uncovered many personal stories as well. You will read of Larry McAfee; most Americans, assuming that a quadriplegic's life was not worth living, supported his decision to commit suicide rather than cope with a system that denied him the right to work or make his own decisions. Here, too, is the story of Nancy Cleaveland, a fifty-two-year-old woman with retardation who was forced to go to court to win the right to live with her boyfriend. And finally, you will read about Jim, whose long road to release from a Minnesota mental institution, with Shapiro's help, provides a model of what is wrong - and, occasionally, right - with America's social-service system. Joe Shapiro's brilliant political and human-interest reporting will change forever the way we see people with disabilities; all who read No Pity will recognize that disability rights is an issue whose time has come."	Joseph P Shapiro	HV1553.S52 1993Jose_ Emilio Pacheco and the poets of the shadows  	"Jose Emilio Pacheco (1939- ) is Mexico's foremost living poet, and a major figure in contemporary Latin American poetry. Jose Emilio Pacheco and the Poets of the Shadows examines the dynamic of literary influence and the question of literary origins in Pacheco's first six books of poetry (1960s to mid-1980s). Ronald J. Friis appropriates Bloom's theory of poetic influence to investigate how Pacheco deploys literary allusions and intertextual references as a means of decentering the traditional centrality of the figure of the author. The poets of the shadows to which the title refers include Pacheco's precursors from prior generations of Mexican and Latin American literature, particularly Jorge Luis Borges, Alfonso Reyes, and Octavio Paz.--Jacket."	Ronald J Friis	PQ7298.26.A25Z64 2001"Joseph Beuys : actions, vitrines, environments "	"Joseph Beuys (1921-86) - the German sculptor and performance artist - became one of the most influential figures in modern and contemporary art. His charismatic presence, extraordinary life, and unconventional artistic style (incorporating ritualized movement and sound, and materials such as fat, felt, earth, honey, blood, and even dead animals) gained him international fame and notoriety from the 1960s through the 1980s. Beuys's innovative influence is particularly felt in the field of sculpture, whose definition he expanded to encompass performance art, vitrine cases, and site-specific environments. With a comprehensive chronology of Beuys's activities as an artist and activist, this book is essential for those interested in the life, work, and legacy of one of the art world's most intriguing figures.--Jacket."	Mark Rosenthal	NX550.Z9B482 2004A James Joyce chronology  	"Joyce's life and writings continue to attract huge interest and controversy. For much of his life he had to struggle against poverty, ill health (enduring many operations on his eyes) and problems associated with the publishing of his books or extracts from them. This chronology travels from his early years in Dublin (from which he permanently exiled himself in 1912) to his years on the continent, principally Trieste, Zurich (where he died in 1941) and Paris. It deals not only with his four major prose works, but also his poetry, one extant play, journalism, lectures and articles. The chronology draws upon many sources including the latest research, includes helpful sections on people of importance in Joyce's life and is fully indexed. This is an invaluable reference tool for students, scholars and all those interested in this key twentieth-century writer.--Jacket."	Roger Norburn	PR6019.O9Z7625 2004The mastery of submission : inventions of masochism 	"Just over a hundred years ago, the Viennese physician Richard von Krafft-Ebing coined the term masochism, after Leopold von Sacher-Masoch, who depicted pleasurable submission to cruelty in his novels. Noyes analyzes the social and political problems that inspired the concept, suggesting, for example, that the triumphant expansion of European colonialism was animated in part by an ambivalence in masculine sexuality. In a society of accelerating technological change and rampant social violence, the individual was believed to be rational and self-determined. Male masochistic behavior defied such a system of belief, placing women in dominance and using disciplinary technologies as instruments of sexual pleasure.;The evolution of the concepts is documented by masochistic scenes in literature from John Cleland's Fanny Hill through Sacher-Masoch's Venus in Furs and Pauline Reage's Story of O. Analysis of Freud's vastly influential rereading of masochism precedes an exploration of the work of his successors, including Wilhem Reich, Theodor Reik, Helene Deutsch, and Karen Horney. According to Noyes, the thematics of feminine masochism emerged only gradually from an exclusively male concept."	John K Noyes	HQ79.N69 1997"Ring, rang, wrong  "	"Juxtaposed with Suzanne Doppelt's precise and abstract photographs are her mock-philosophical meditations on astronomy, weather, the five senses, plant life, the insect world, and the nature of time, all in an implicit dialogue with the pre-Socratics. Often funny, often wry, this text betrays an affectionate love for the world. Some pre-Socratic fragments appear translated into a phonetic language by the composer Georges Aperghis.--Jacket."	Suzanne Doppelt	PQ2664.O63Q413 2006Mojo workin' : the old African American Hoodoo system 	"Katrina Hazzard-Donald explores African Americans' experience and practice of the herbal, healing folk belief tradition known as Hoodoo. She examines Hoodoo culture and history by tracing its emergence from African traditions to religious practices in the Americas. Working against conventional scholarship, Hazzard-Donald argues that Hoodoo emerged first in three distinct regions she calls regional Hoodoo clusters and that after the turn of the nineteenth century, Hoodoo took on a national rather than regional profile. The spread came about through the mechanism of the African Religion Complex, eight distinct cultural characteristics familiar to all the African ethnic groups in the United States. The first interdisciplinary examination to incorporate a full glossary of Hoodoo culture, Mojo Workin': The Old African American Hoodoo System lays out the movement of Hoodoo against a series of watershed changes in the American cultural landscape. Hazzard-Donald examines Hoodoo material culture, particularly the High John the Conquer root, which practitioners employ for a variety of spiritual uses. She also examines other facets of Hoodoo, including rituals of divination such as the walking boy and the Ring Shout, a sacred dance of Hoodoo tradition that bears its corollaries today in the American Baptist churches. Throughout, Hazzard-Donald distinguishes between Old tradition Black Belt Hoodoo and commercially marketed forms that have been controlled, modified, and often fabricated by outsiders; this study focuses on the hidden system operating almost exclusively among African Americans in the Black spiritual underground.--Publisher's description."	Katrina Hazzard-Donald	BL2490.H39 2013Kazuo Ishiguro and memory  	"Kazuo Ishiguro's novels are suffused with a sense of memory, nostalgia and mourning. Memory is an area of research that continues to grow in importance within the humanities and this unique study examines the importance of memory and its representation in Ishiguro's novels, filling a long-standing gap in knowledge in studies of Ishiguro's work. Drawing from Paul Ricoeur's philosophical writing on memory, as well as theories on mourning, trauma and collective memory by Sigmund Freud, Henri Bergson, Maurice Halbwachs and Walter Benjamin, Yugin Teo introduces a conceptual framework that examines the function of memory in these novels, revealing the distinctive and cathartic work of memory that is very much a part of Ishiguro's novels. This innovative study explores how Ishiguro's writing both aligns itself with and challenges these established concepts of memory--Provided by publisher."	Yugin Teo	PR6059.S5Z897 2014"An essay concerning human understanding : abridged and edited, with an introduction and notes "	"Kenneth Winkler's deft abridgment of Locke's Essay Concerning Human Understanding includes generous selections from the Essay, topically arranged passages from the replies to Stillingfleet, a chronology, a bibliography, a glossary, and an index based on the entries that Locke himself devised. His insightful introduction provides the reader with both a historical and a philosophical context in which to assess Locke's masterwork."	John Locke	B1291.L63 1996Enforcing the peace : learning from the imperial past 	"Kimberly Zisk Marten argues that the West's attempts to remake foreign societies in their own image - even with the best of intentions - invariably fail. Focusing on operations in Haiti, Bosnia, Kosovo, and East Timor in the mid- to late 1990s, while touching on both post-war Afghanistan and the occupation of Iraq, Enforcing the Peace compares these cases to the colonial activities of Great Britain, France, and the United States at the turn of the twentieth century. The book weaves together examples from these cases, using interviews Marten conducted with military officers and other peacekeeping officials at the UN, NATO, and elsewhere. Rather than trying to control political developments abroad, Marten proposes, a more sensible goal of foreign intervention is to restore basic security to unstable regions threatened by anarchy. The colonial experience shows that military organizations police effectively if political leaders prioritize the task, and the time has come to raise the importance of peacekeeping on the international agenda.--Jacket."	Kimberly Zisk Marten	JZ6374.Z57 2004"The conservative turn : Lionel Trilling, Whittaker Chambers, and the lessons of anti-communism "	Kimmage focuses on the relationship between Lionel Trilling and Whittaker Chambers to explore the birth of neoconservatism.	Michael Kimmage	PS3539.R56Z83 2009Gustav Klimt : women 	Klimt wove women into paintings to great decorative effect.	Gustav Klimt	ND511.5.K55A4 1986b"K-pop : popular music, cultural amnesia, and economic innovation in South Korea "	"K-Pop: Popular Music, Cultural Amnesia, and Economic Innovation in South Korea seeks at once to describe and explain the emergence of export-oriented South Korean popular music and to make sense of larger South Korean economic and cultural transformations. John Lie provides not only a history of South Korean popular music--the premodern background, Japanese colonial influence, post-Liberation American impact, and recent globalization--but also a description of K-pop as a system of economic innovation and cultural production. In doing so, K-Pop delves into the broader background of South Korea that gave rise to K-pop in this wonderfully informed history and analysis of a pop culture phenomenon sweeping the globe--Provided by publisher."	John Lie	ML3502.K6L54 2015The consumption of Kuala Lumpur  	"Kuala Lumpur is the postmodern city writ large, a city that, within the short span of a decade, has been transformed from a sleepy capital into a technological marvel with a thriving, diverse and affluent cultural life. Using anecdotes, classic Malay myths and tales, and observations based on real and imaginary wanderings through the city, [the author] traces Kuala Lumpur's origins and charts the remarkable changes experienced by the city and its people, including the power struggle between Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad and his ex-Duputy Anwar Ibrahim. [The author] shows how a collision of cultures (Malay, Chinese, Indian, indigenous, Western) has re-emerged in the form of a new synthesis, inducing both a degree of disorientation and a unique sense of energy and excitement--Inside front flap."	Ziauddin Sardar	DS599.K8S27 2000"Lost words : narratives of language and the brain, 1825-1926 "	"L. S. Jacyna analyzes medical writings on aphasia to illuminate modern scientific discourse on the relations between language and the brain, from the very beginnings of this discussion through World War I. Viewing these texts as literature - complete with guiding metaphors and rhetorical strategies - Jacyna reveals the power they exerted on the ways in which the human subject was constructed in medicine. Lost Words explores the links among language, humanity, and mental presence that make the aphasiological project one of continuing fascination.--Jacket."	L S Jacyna	RC425.J33 2000The meaning of meaning : a study of the influence of language upon thought and of the science of symbolism 	"Language is the most important of all the instruments of civilization. This is the premise of a work whose significance to the study of language, literature, and philosophy has remained undiminished since its original publication in 1923. -- Book Description."	C K Ogden	BF463.M4O39 1989Death in Winterreise : musico-poetic associations in Schubert's song cycle 	"Lauri Suurpaa brings together two rigorous methodologies, Greimassian semiotics and Schenkerian analysis, to provide a unique perspective on the expressive power of Franz Schubert's song cycle. Focusing on the final songs, Suurpaa deftly combines textual and tonal analysis to reveal death as a symbolic presence if not actual character in the musical narrative. Suurpaa demonstrates the incongruities between semantic content and musical representation as it surfaces throughout the final songs. This close reading of the winter songs, coupled with creative applications of theory and a thorough history of the poetic and musical genesis of this work, brings new insights to the study of text-music relationships and the song cycle."	Lauri Suurpaa	MT121.S36S88 2014Le franc'ais medieval  	"Le Franc'ais medieval est un manuel specifiquement adapte aux besoins du chercheur en histoire du Moyen Age. Evitant le recours systematique a  une terminologie linguistique complexe, il se veut une introduction accessible et comple te qui devrait faciliter l'acce s aux textes les plus varies, quelles qu'en soient la date et l'origine geographique. Pour atteindre son objectif, l'ouvrage se divise en trois parties. La premie re est un parcours rapide, largement bibliographique et critique, de l'histoire du franc'ais au Moyen Age. Elle insiste sur des definitions-clefs, comme celles de  dialecte  et de  scripta , ainsi que sur la variation du franc'ais ecrit. La deuxie me partie reproduit le mouvement de comprehension d'un texte, de l'identification des mots a  l'analyse syntaxique. Enfin, une anthologie commentee de plus de cinquante extraits brosse un vaste panorama de la production textuelle en franc'ais medieval, des sources litteraires aux documents de la pratique, du XIIe a  la fin du XVe sie_cle.--Publisher's website."	Frederic Duval	PC2054.D88 2009Power rules : how common sense can rescue American foreign policy 	"Leading foreign policy expert Gelb offers guidelines on how American power actually works and should be wielded in today's tumultuous world. He argues that Washington risks losing the essential lifeblood of its national security--its power--unless American leaders relearn the lessons of how to use that power. The United States remains far and away the most powerful country in a world where power remains sharply pyramidal. But the U.S. is not the dominant power, and it can't dictate to others. Gelb persuasively shows that America's future power must be based on the principle of mutual indispensability: Washington is the indispensable leader because it alone can galvanize coalitions to solve major international problems (and all nations know this), while other key nations are indispensable partners in getting the job done. The reality is this: succeed together or fail apart.--From publisher description."	Leslie H Gelb	JZ1480.A5G45 2009Helping your child get ready for school : with activities for children from birth through age 5 	"Learn to encourage your child to study, learn, and stay in school."	Nancy Paulu	LB1132.P35 1992Legend and belief : dialectics of a folklore genre 	"Legend and Belief is a descriptive and analytical study of the legend, the most prolific and characteristic form of folklore in contemporary Western civilization. Not that the legend does not have ancient roots; like the tale, the joke, the ballad, the proverb, or mummery, it was part of an archaic, preindustrial tradition. But the legends - as old as conversation and debate about problems of the human condition - has been able to survive the technological innovations of our time. Legend has remained contemporaneous, while many other genres succumbed to their own anachronism. The legend's concerns are universal and eternal, touching upon the most sensitive areas of our existence. This is why stories about supernatural encounters, possessions, divine and infernal miracles, evil spirits, monsters, and prophetic dreams, as well as horror stories about the criminally insane, continue to proliferate in the urban/industrial world. Industrial advancement has not changed the basic fragility of human life, and the commercialization and consumer orientation of the mass media has actually helped legends travel faster and farther. Legends are communicated not only orally, face to face, but also in the press, on radio and television, on countless Web sites, and by e-mail, perpetuating new waves of the culture of fear.--Jacket."	Linda De_gh	GR78.D44 2001Leonardo : the Last Supper 	"Leonardo da Vinci's Last Supper, one of the most important works of the Renaissance if not all of Western art, was painted between 1494 and 1498 in the refectory of Santa Maria della Grazie in Milan. From the moment that the prior at the monastery complained to Leonardo that the work was taking too long, the Last Supper has endured centuries of controversy, neglect, and difficulty. Leonardo, The Last Supper, translated from the Italian, is the definitive document of the recently completed project to reverse these centuries of decline by restoring the painting and preserving it in a manner that generations of conservators have failed to do. Pinin Brambilla Barcilon was chosen to head this twenty-year project, and Leonardo, The Last Supper is the official record of her remarkable effort. It first documents the cleaning and removal of the overpainting performed in the other attempts at restoration and then turns to Barcilon's meticulous additions in watercolor, which were based on Leonardo's preparatory drawings, early copies of the painting, and contemporary textual descriptions. This book presents full-scale reproductions of details from the fresco that clearly display and distinguish Leonardo's hand from that of the restorer. With nearly 400 sumptuous color reproductions, the most comprehensive technical documentation of the project by Barcilon, and an introductory essay by art historian and project codirector Pietro C. Marani that focuses on the history of the fresco, Leonardo, The Last Supper is the definitive chronicle of one of the most extensive restoration projects ever attempted.--Jacket."	Pinin Brambilla Barcilon	ND623.L5A683 2001aLila  	"Lila, homeless and alone after years of roaming the countryside, steps inside a small-town Iowa church -- the only available shelter from the rain -- and ignites a romance and a debate that will reshape her life. She becomes the wife of a minister, John Ames, and begins a new existence while trying to make sense of the days of suffering that preceded her newfound security. Neglected as a toddler, Lila was rescued by Doll, a canny young drifter, and brought up by her in a hardscrabble childhood. Together they crafted a life on the run, living hand-to-mouth with nothing but their sisterly bond and a ragged blade to protect them. But despite bouts of petty violence and moments of desperation, their shared life is laced with moments of joy and love. When Lila arrives in Gilead, she struggles to harmonize the life of her makeshift family and their days of hardship with the gentle Christian worldview of her husband that paradoxically judges those she loves."	Marilynne Robinson	PS3568.O3125L55 2014A philosophy of pain  	"Living involves being exposed to pain every second - not necessarily as an insistent reality, but always as a possibility', writes Arne Johan Vetlesen in A philosophy of pain, a thought-provoking look at an inevitable and essential aspect of the human condition. Vetlesen addresses pain in many forms, including the pain inflicted by torture; the pain suffered in disease; and the pain of anxiety, grief and depression. He examines the dual nature of pain: how we attempt to avoid it as much as possible in our daily lives and yet, conversely, obtain a thrill from seeking it. Vetlesen looks at pain within areas of modern life such as family and work, and he specifically probes a common modern phenomenon, the idea of pushing oneself to the limit. Engaging throughout with the ideas of thinkers such as Kierkegaard, Freud, Heidegger, Sartre, Merleau-Ponty, Horkheimer, Adorno, Sontag and Klein, A philosophy of pain explores the concept and possibility of empathy, as well as providing an analysis of the place of pain in modern culture.--Page 4 of cover."	Arne Johan Vetlesen	BJ1409.V4813 2009Play  	"Liz Waldner?s Play represents her most accessible, most openly romantic, most unabashedly Romantic, collection of poetry. Unlike the dark forebodings and anguish that have defined her work since Etym(bi)ology, A Point Is That Which Has No Part and Dark Would (the missing person), Play reads like a breakthrough into illumination and restfulness. Largely set as Sapphoic dialogues between Eastern and Western philosophy and poetics??Argument withal, within??these poems test the limits of rapprochement, of translation, between cultures. Here, the ?other,? another way of being in the world, teaches the ego to accept its dissolution (demonstrated most effectively in ?The Imagined Snake Is The Sport Of The Rope?), a ?lesson? previously reserved for the natural world. Waldner brings both together through the figures of human and animal females, even acknowledging that the searching pathos of an early book, Homing Device, has culminated in discovery (?The Homing Device Comprehended At Last?): ?when my god leaves me?/ She doesn?t leave you/When I don?t know she?s there, then/ And now?? From her first book Waldner?s ecriture feminine has had a distinctly (Southern) Dickinsonian accent; she still hears with her skin, tastes with her eyes, touches with her ears. Waldner?s comprehension of the myriad mirrors of phenomena without conflating, even when reversing, sensibility and intelligibility is as audacious as it is admirable. ?Tyrone Williams."	Liz Waldner	PS3573.A42158P58 2009The once and future goddess : a symbol for our time 	"Looks at the portrayal of women in art from prehistoric times to the present, and discusses the use of Goddess imagery."	Elinor W Gadon	BL473.5.G33 1989The wind blows through the doors of my heart : poems 	Love poems of ... power and persuasion ... [that] bestow grief with a startling beauty--Page 4 of cover.	Deborah Digges	PS3554.I3922W56 2010Bayesian reasoning and machine learning  	"Machine learning methods extract value from vast data sets quickly and with modest resources. They are established tools in a wide range of industrial applications, including search engines, DNA sequencing, stock market analysis, and robot locomotion, and their use is spreading rapidly. People who know the methods have their choice of rewarding jobs. This hands-on text opens these opportunities to computer science students with modest mathematical backgrounds. It is designed for final-year undergraduates and master's students with limited background in linear algebra and calculus. Comprehensive and coherent, it develops everything from basic reasoning to advanced techniques within the framework of graphical models. Students learn more than a menu of techniques, they develop analytical and problem-solving skills that equip them for the real world. Numerous examples and exercises, both computer based and theoretical, are included in every chapter. Resources for students and instructors, including a MATLAB toolbox, are available online--Provided by publisher.;Vast amounts of data present amajor challenge to all thoseworking in computer science, and its many related fields, who need to process and extract value from such data. Machine learning technology is already used to help with this task in a wide range of industrial applications, including search engines, DNA sequencing, stock market analysis and robot locomotion. As its usage becomes more widespread, no student should be without the skills taught in this book. Designed for final-year undergraduate and graduate students, this gentle introduction is ideally suited to readers without a solid background in linear algebra and calculus. It covers everything from basic reasoning to advanced techniques in machine learning, and rucially enables students to construct their own models for real-world problems by teaching them what lies behind the methods. Numerous examples and exercises are included in the text. Comprehensive resources for students and instructors are available online--Provided by publisher."	David Barber	QA267.B347 2012Making Americans : children's literature from 1930 to 1960 	"Making Americans is a study of a time when the authors and illustrators of children's books consciously set their eyes on national and international sights, with the hope of bringing the next generation into a full sense of citizenship. Schmidt examines the literature for young people published during a momentous period in our nation's past, and documents in detail its role as an instrument of nation-building and social reform. A thought-provoking contribution to our understanding of children's books as cultural transmitters and transformers."	Gary D Schmidt	PS490.S36 2013Fire to fire : new and selected poems 	"Mark Doty's Fire to Fire collects the best of Mark Doty's seven books of poetry, along with a generous selection of new work. Doty's subjects--our mortal situation, the evanescent beauty of the world, desire's transformative power, and art's ability to give shape to human lives--echo and develop across twenty years of poems. His signature style encompasses both the plainspoken and the artfully wrought; here one of contemporary American poetry's most lauded, recognizable voices speaks to the crises and possibilities of our times.--Publisher's description."	Mark Doty	PS3554.O798F57 2008Eco-Business : a Big-Brand Takeover of Sustainability 	"McDonald's promises to use only beef, coffee, fish, chicken, and cooking oil obtained from sustainable sources. Coca-Cola promises to achieve water neutrality. Unilever has set a deadline of 2020 to reach 100 percent sustainable agricultural sourcing. Walmart has pledged to become carbon neutral. Today, big-brand companies seem to be making commitments that go beyond the usual greenwashing efforts undertaken largely for public relations purposes. In Eco-Business, Peter Dauvergne and Jane Lister examine this new corporate embrace of sustainability, its actual accomplishments, and the consequences for the environment. For many leading-brand companies, these corporate sustainability efforts go deep, reorienting central operations and extending through global supply chains. Yet, as Dauvergne and Lister point out, these companies are doing this not for the good of the planet but for their own profits and market share in a volatile, globalized economy. They are using sustainability as a business tool. Advocacy groups and governments are partnering with these companies, eager to reap the governance potential of eco-business efforts. But Dauvergne and Lister show that the acclaimed eco-efficiencies achieved by big-brand companies limit the potential for finding deeper solutions to pressing environmental problems and reinforce runaway consumption. Eco-business promotes the sustainability of big business, not the sustainability of life on Earth.--Publisher's website."	Peter Dauvergne	HC79.E5.D346 2013The aesthetics of mimesis : ancient texts and modern problems 	"Mimesis is one of the oldest, most fundamental concepts in Western aesthetics. This book offers a new treatment of its long history at the centre of theories of representational art: above all, in the highly influential writings of Plato and Aristotle, but also in later Greco-Roman philosophy and criticism, and subsequently in many areas of aesthetic controversy from the Renaissance to the twentieth century. Combining classical scholarship, philosophical analysis, and the history of ideas - and ranging across discussion of poetry, painting, and music - Stephen Halliwell shows with a wealth of detail how mimesis, at all stages of its evolution, has been a more complex, variable concept than its conventional translation of imitation can now convey. Far from providing a static model of artistic representation, mimesis has generated many different models of art, encompassing a spectrum of positions from realism to idealism. Under the influence of Platonist and Aristotelian paradigms, mimesis has been a crux of debate between proponents of what Halliwell calls world-reflecting and world-simulating theories of representation in both the visual and musico-poetic arts. This debate is about not only the fraught relationship between art and reality but also the psychology and ethics of how we experience and are affected by mimetic art. Moving expertly between ancient and modern traditions, Halliwell contends that the history of mimesis hinges on problems that continue to be of urgent concern for contemporary aesthetics."	Stephen Halliwell	BH81.H35 2002Moby-Dick  	Moby Dick (1851) is an epic tale of the conflict between man and his fate. Captain Ahab's obsessive quest to destroy the great white whale that tore off his leg leads the Pequod and its crew to disaster. Melville's extraordinary narrative defies c1assification: it teems with ideas and imagery and the passion of its author.--Jacket.	Herman Melville	PS2384.M6 2002De officiis  	"Modelled on the De Officiis of Cicero, Ambrose of Milan's work sets out his ethical vision for his clergy. This is the first Modern English translation of Ambrose's Latin. The Text and Translation in Volume 1 are supplemented by a detailed Commentary (Vol. 2) that concentrates on Ambrose's debts to Cicero."	 Ambrose	BR65.A313D44 2001Models of computation : an introduction to computability theory 	"'Models of Computation' provides an introduction to the essential concepts in computability, using several models of computation, from the standard Turing machines and recursive functions, to the modern computation models inspired by quantum physics."	Maribel Ferna_ndez	QA267.F47 2009Modular forms and special cycles on Shimura curves  	"Modular Forms and Special Cycles on Shimura Curves is a thorough study of the generating functions constructed from special cycles, both divisors and zero-cycles, on the arithmetic surface M attached to a Shimura curve M over the field of rational numbers. These generating functions are shown to be the q-expansions of modular forms and Siegel modular forms of genus two respectively, valued in the Gillet-Soule arithmetic Chow groups of M. The two types of generating functions are related via an arithmetic inner product formula. In addition, an analogue of the classical Siegel-Weil formula identifies the generating function for zero-cycles as the central derivative of a Siegel Eisenstein series. As an application, an arithmetic analogue of the Shimura-Waldspurger correspondence is constructed, carrying holomorphic cusp forms of weight 3/2 to classes in the Mordell-Weil group of M. In certain cases, the nonvanishing of this correspondence is related to the central derivative of the standard L-function for a modular form of weight 2. These results depend on a novel mixture of modular forms and arithmetic geometry and should provide a paradigm for further investigations. The proofs involve a wide range of techniques, including arithmetic intersection theory, the arithmetic adjunction formula, representation densities of quadratic forms, deformation theory of p-divisible groups, p-adic uniformization, the Weil representation, the local and global theta correspondence, and the doubling integral representation of L-functions.--Publisher's website."	Stephen S Kudla	QA242.5.K83 2006Mole  	"Mole combines history with mystery and does so with the style of a gifted writer and the expert eye of a seasoned intelligence practitioner. Hood began his intelligence career during World War II with the OSS in X-2 Counterespionage, worked in a variety of positive intelligence assignments, and retired in 1975 while serving as the executive officer of the Counterintelligence Staff of the CIA."	William Hood	JK468.I6H66 1993The second shift : working families and the revolution at home 	"More than twenty years ago, sociologist and University of California, Berkeley, professor Arlie Hochschild set off a tidal wave of conversation and controversy with his bestselling book, The Second Shift In it, she examined what really happens in dual-career households. Adding together time in paid work, child care, and housework, she found that working mothers put in a month of work a year more than their spouses. Updated for a workforce now half female, this edition cites a range of new studies and statistics and includes a new afterword in which Hochschild assesses how much-and how little-has changed for women today.--Pub. desc."	Arlie Russell Hochschild	HQ536.H63 2012Mrs. Dalloway  	"Mrs. Dalloway is one of Woolf's best-known novels. Thematically it conveys a rich and genuine humanity, while technically it showcases Woolf's use of interior perspective. This edition provides a substantial introduction, including the composition history of the novel, documenting how Woolf's reading, writing, personal life, and the world around her contributed to the book. Explanatory notes compile decades of scholarship while identifying numerous new allusions to Homer, Shakespeare, Tennyson and others. This edition also includes the seldom-reprinted 1928 introduction, written by Woolf, along with a full chronology of composition and a more general chronology of Woolf's life and works."	Virginia Woolf	PR6045.O72M7 2015Becoming Heinrich Schenker : music theory and ideology 	"Much controversy surrounds Schenker's mature theory and its attempt to explain musical pitch motion. Becoming Heinrich Schenker brings a new perspective to Schenker's theoretical work, showing that ideas characteristic of his mature theory, although in many respects fundamentally different, developed logically out of his earlier ideas. Robert Morgan provides an introduction to Schenker's mature theory and traces its development through all of his major publications, considering each in detail and with numerous music examples. Morgan also explores the relationship between Schenker's theory and his troubled ideology, which crucially influenced the evolution of his ideas and was heavily dependent upon both the empirical and idealist strains of contemporary German philosophical thought. Relying where possible on quotations from Schenker's own words, this book offers a balanced approach to his theory and a unique overview of this central music figure, generally considered to be the most prominent music theorist of the twentieth century [Publisher description]."	Robert P Morgan	ML423.S33M67 2014Remixology : tracing the dub diaspora 	"MUSIC RECORDING & REPRODUCTION. In Remixology: Tracing the Dub Diaspora Paul Sullivan explores the evolution of Dub; the avant-garde verso of Reggae. Dub as a set of studio strategies and techniques was among the first forms of popular music to turn the idea of song inside out, and is still far from being fully explored. With a unique grip on dance, electronic, and popular music, dub-born notions of remix and re-interpretation set the stage for the music of the twenty-first century. This book explores the origins of dub in '70s Kingston, Jamaica and traces its evolution as a genre, approach and attitude to music to the present day. Stopping off in the cities where it has made most impact - London, Berlin, Toronto, Kingston, Bristol, New York, Sullivan's study spans a range of genres, from post-punk to dub-techno, jungle to the now ubiquitous dubstep."	Paul Sullivan	ML3532.S85 2014Muslim society and the western Indian Ocean : the seafarers of Kachchh 	"Muslim Society and the Western Indian Ocean explores the social processes through which practical reasoning is translated into meaningful collective action. Focusing on craft learning and religious practice, the study examines the ways in which the two kinds of knowledge are simultaneously transmitted between Muslim masters and apprentices in the traditional shipyards of Kachchh, Gujarat. The chapters of the book are loosely structured around the career trajectory of the typical apprentice, from his early years of labouring in shipyards to his later life as an accomplished sailor, experienced in the ways of the Indian Ocean. Apprenticeship is treated as a process that puts into stark relief broader social processes and concerns.--Jacket."	Edward Simpson	HD8039.S52I485 2006"Nadar--Warhol, Paris--New York : photography and fame "	"Nadar/Warhol, which catalogues an exhibition held at the J. Paul Getty Museum, Los Angeles, The Andy Warhol Museum, Pittsburgh, and The Baltimore Museum of Fine Arts, presents nearly a hundred photographic portraits of such nineteenth-century figures as George Sand, Alexandre Dumas, Victor Hugo, Jean-Francois Millet, and Sarah Bernhardt and such twentieth-century celebrities as Edie Sedgwick, Mick Jagger, Truman Capote, Jane Fonda, Robert Mapplethorpe, and Liza Minnelli.--Jacket."	Gordon Baldwin	TR681.F3B3114 1999Neocybernetics and narrative  	"Neocybernetics and Narrative opens a new chapter in Bruce Clarke's project of rethinking narrative and media through systems theory as he declares the era of the cyborg to have ended. Reconceiving interrelations among subjects, media, significations, and the social, this study demonstrates second-order systems theory's potential to provide fresh insights into the familiar topics of media studies and narrative theory. --Publisher's description."	Bruce Clarke	PN212.C55 2014New era : reflections on the human and natural history of Central Oregon 	"New Era is a graceful and literate collection of personal essay on the human and natural history of the Oregon high desert, focusing on what happened to the people and the land of this region during and after the homesteading era of 1900 to 1920. It is a book full of stories - about early Indian/Anglo connections, about the ghost town of Opal City, about homestead ranches and the families who struggled to make their lives there--Jacket."	Jarold Ramsey	F876.5.R36 2003Ill nature : rants and reflections on humanity and other animals 	"Nineteen essays ranging from saving the whales and anti-hunting to wildlife in Africa, animal rights, and population control."	Joy Williams	GF75.W56 2001"Samuel Johnson's ""general nature"" : tradition and transition in eighteenth-century discourse "	No student of eighteenth-century literature can overlook either the prominence or the ambiguity of the term nature. This study examines the problematic indispensability of nature in the eighteenth century from the perspective of its employment by Samuel Johnson.--Jacket.	Scott D Evans	PR3537.P5E73 1999"The digital flood : diffusion of information technology across the United States, Europe, and Asia "	"No technology has spread around the world as fast as computers. Even before the internet, information technologies had diffused to dozens of countries all over the world and had already begun to fundamentally alter how businesses, governments, and whole societies functioned. In The Digital Flood, historian James W. Cortada is the first to offer a world-wide history of how computers appeared and were used in North America, Europe, and most of Asia in barely a half century. He shows how other conditions, not just the technology itself, fostered the spread of computers, such as standards of living, education, the Cold War, and economic globalization. Based on archival and secondary research, extensive use of economic data, and detailed country case studies of over a dozen nations, Cortada tells the history of how computers were discovered, invented, built, and used, and the consequences for whole regions. Cortada argues that by now these technologies are the glue that holds together today's economies, and that they are improving the lives of over a billion people who are moving into the middle class. This is the first attempt by any expert to write a global history of information technologies and how they spread. It is an indispensable resource for those who want to understand what is happening today in India, China, and other emerging economies as the Computer Revolution continues, and it offers invaluable insights for historians, economists, public officials, and business executives."	James W Cortada	QA76.17.C67 2012Rumsfeld's wars : the arrogance of power 	"Not since Robert McNamara has a secretary of defense been so hated by the military and derided by the public, yet played such a critical role in national security policy - with such disastrous results. Now Dale Herspring, a political conservative and lifelong Republican, offers a nonpartisan assessment of Rumsfeld's impact on the U.S. military establishment from 2001 to 2006, focusing especially on the Iraq War - from the decision to invade through the development and execution of operational strategy and the enormous failures associated with the postwar reconstruction of Iraq. Herspring shows that, contrary to his public deference to the generals, Rumsfeld dictated strategy and operations - sometimes even tactics - to prove his transformation theories. He signed off on abolishing the Iraqi army, famously refused to see the need for a counterinsurgency plan, and seemed more than willing to tolerate the torture of prisoners. Meanwhile, the military became demoralized and junior officers left in droves."	Dale R Herspring	UA23.6.H47 2008"Occupying space in American literature and culture : static heroes, social movements and empowerment "	"Occupying Space in American Literature and Culture inscribes itself within the spatial turn that permeates the ways we look at literary and cultural productions. The volume seeks to clarify the connections between race, space, class, and identity as it concentrates on different occupations and disoccupations, enclosures and boundaries. Space is scaled up and down, from the body, the ground zero of spatiality, to the texturology of Manhattan; from the striated place of the office in Melville's Bartleby the Scrivener on Wall Street, to the striated spaces of internment camps and reservations; from the lowest of the low, the (human) clutter that lined the streets of Albany, NY during the Depression, to the new Towers of Babel that punctuate the contemporary architecture of transparencies. As it strings together these spatial narratives, the volume reveals how, beyond the boundaries that characterize each space, every location has loose ends that are impossible to contain--Provided by publisher."	Ana Ma Manzanas Calvo	PS231.S63M36 2014"Dark days, bright nights : from Black power to Barack Obama "	"Offers a narrative chronicle of race in the United States and the successes, failures, and stalemates of African American leaders in the past fifty years."	Peniel E Joseph	E185.615.J677 2010#Aiww : the arrest of Ai Weiwei 	"On 3 April 2011, as he was boarding a flight to Taipei, the Chinese artist Ai Weiwei was arrested at Beijing Airport. Advised merely that his travel 'could damage state security', he was escorted to a van by officials, after which he disappeared for eighty-one days. On his release, the government claimed that his imprisonment related to tax evasion."	Howard Brenton	PR6052.R426A63 2013The lieutenant of Inishmore  	"On a lonely road on the island of Inishmore, someone kills an Irish Liberation Army enforcer's cat. He'll want to know who when get gets back from a stint of torture and chip-shop bombing in Northern Ireland. He loves his cat more than life itself, and someone is going to pay."	Martin McDonagh	PR6063.C377L54 2003The Tea Party and the remaking of Republican conservatism  	"On February 19, 2009, CNBC commentator Rick Santelli delivered a dramatic rant against Obama administration programs to shore up the plunging housing market. Invoking the Founding Fathers and ridiculing losers who could not pay their mortgages, Santelli called for Tea Party protests. Over the next two years, conservative activists took to the streets and airways, built hundreds of local Tea Party groups, and weighed in with votes and money to help right-wing Republicans win electoral victories in 2010. In this study, the author, a political scientists, and co-author go beyond the inevitable photos of protesters in Colonial costumes and tricorn hats and knee breeches to provide a nuanced portrait of the Tea Party. What they find is sometimes surprising. Drawing on grassroots interviews and visits to local meetings in several regions, they find that older, middle-class Tea Partiers mostly approve of Social Security, Medicare, and generous benefits for military veterans. Their opposition to big government entails reluctance to pay taxes to help people viewed as undeserving freeloaders including immigrants, lower income earners, and the young. At the national level, Tea Party elites and funders leverage grassroots energy to further longstanding goals such as tax cuts for the wealthy, deregulation of business, and privatization of the very same Social Security and Medicare programs on which many grassroots Tea Partiers depend. Elites and grassroots are nevertheless united in hatred of Barack Obama and determination to push the Republican Party sharply to the right. This book combines portraits of local Tea Party members and chapters with an overarching analysis of the movement's rise, impact, and likely fate. The paperback edition will be updated to bring the discussion up to the present, including the Republican Presidential primary race in early 2012."	Theda Skocpol	JK2391.T43S56 2012The invention of Peter : apostolic discourse and papal authority in late antiquity 	"On the first anniversary of his election to the papacy, Leo the Great stood before the assembly of bishops convening in Rome and forcefully asserted his privileged position as the heir of Peter the Apostle. This declaration marked the beginning of a powerful tradition: the Bishop of Rome would henceforth leverage the cult of St. Peter, and the popular association of St. Peter with the city itself, to his advantage. In The Invention of Peter, George E. Demacopoulos examines this Petrine discourse, revealing how the link between the historic Peter and the Roman Church strengthened, shifted, and evolved during the papacies of two of the most creative and dynamic popes of late antiquity, ultimately shaping medieval Christianilty as we now know it. By emphasizing the ways in which this rhetoric of apostolic privilege was employed, extended, transformed, or resisted between the reigns iof Leo the Great and Gregory the Great, Demacopoulos offers an alternate account of papal history that challenges the dominant narrative of an inevitable and unbroken rise in papal power from late antiquity through the Middle Ages. He unpacks escalating claims to ecclesiastical authority, demonstrating how this rhetoric, which almost always invokes a link to St. Peter, does not necessarily represent actual power or prestige but instead reflects moments of papal anxiety and weakness. Through its nuanced examination of an array of episcopal activities--diplomatic, pastoral, political, and administrative--The Invention of Peter offers a new perspective on the emergence of papal authority and illuminates the influence that Petrine discourse exerted on the survival and exceptional status of the Bishop of Rome.--Jacket."	George E Demacopoulos	BX1805.D377 2013The beast : riding the rails and dodging narcos on the migrant trail 	"One day a couple of years ago, 300 migrants were kidnapped between the remote, dusty border towns of Altar, Mexico, and Sasabe, Arizona. Over half of them were never heard from again. Oscar Martinez, a young writer from El Salvador, was in Altar at the time of the abduction, and his story of the migrant disappearances is only one of the harrowing stories he tells after spending two years traveling up and down the migrant trail from Central America to the US border. More than a quarter of a million Central Americans alone make this increasingly dangerous journey each year, and last year 18,000 of them were kidnapped. Martinez writes in beautiful, lyrical prose about clinging to the tops of freight trains; finding respite, work and hardship in shelters and brothels; and riding shotgun with the border patrol. Here is the first book to illuminate this harsh mass migration in the age of the narcotraficantes--Publisher description."	Oscar Marti_nez	JV7402.M3713 2013Wilfred Owen  	"One of Britain's best-known and most loved poets, Wilfred Owen (1893-1918) was killed at age 25 on one of the last days of the First World War, having acted heroically as soldier and officer despite his famous misgivings about the war's rationale and conduct. He left behind a body of poetry that sensitively captured the pity, rage, valor, and futility of the conflict. In this new biography Guy Cuthbertson provides a fresh account of Owen's life and formative influences: the lower-middle-class childhood that he tried to escape; the places he lived in, from Birkenhead to Bordeaux; his class anxieties and his religious doubts; his sexuality and friendships; his close relationship with his mother and his childlike personality. Cuthbertson chronicles a great poet's growth to poetic maturity, illuminates the social strata of the extraordinary Edwardian era, and adds rich context to how Owen's enduring verse can be understood--Provided by publisher."	Guy Cuthbertson	PR6029.W4Z626 2014Eternal enemies  	"One of the most gifted and readable poets of his time, Adam Zagajewski is proving to be a contemporary classic. Few writers in either poetry or prose can be said to have attained the lucid intelligence and limpid economy of style that have become a matter of course with Zagajewski. It is these qualities, combined with his wry humor, gentle skepticism, and perpetual sense of history's dark possibilities, that have earned him a devoted international following. This collection, gracefully translated by Clare Cavanagh, finds the poet reflecting on place, language, and history. Especially moving here are his tributes to writers, friends known in person or in books--people such as Milosz and Sebald, Brodsky and Blake--which intermingle naturally with portraits of family members and loved ones. Eternal Enemies is a luminous meeting of art and everyday life. -- Publisher's description."	Adam Zagajewski	PG7185.A32A2 2008"Histories, "	"One of the most important works of history in Western literature, by the freshest and liveliest of all classical Greek prose authors, Herodotus's Histories is also a key text for the study of ancient Greece and the Persian Empire. Covering a central and widely studied period of Greek history, Book V not only describes the revolt of the east Greeks against their Persian masters, which led to the great Persian Wars of 490-479 BC, but also provides fascinating material about the mainland Greek states in the sixth century BC. This is an up-to-date edition of and commentary on the Greek text of the book, providing extensive help with the Greek, basic historical information and clear maps, as well as lucid and insightful historical and literary interpretation of the text. The volume is suitable for advanced undergraduates, graduate students, teachers and scholars--Provided by publisher.;This single-authored volume is planned as one of a pair with an edition of and commentary on bk. in the same series, by the present author and Christopher Pelling in collaboration. Some sections of the Introduction to the present volume concern bk. 5 only; some concern both books; and some topics common to both books (Hdt. andHomer; Hdt.'s handling ofKleomenes and of Aigina) will be covered in the Introduction to bk. 6. Chronology will be covered in both volumes; for the distribution, see, section 3. For what is known or can be plausibly inferred about Herodotus' life and travels--Provided by publisher."	 Herodotus.	PA4002.A35 2013Shame in Shakespeare  	"One of the most intense and painful of our human passions, shame is typically seen in contemporary culture as a disability or a disease to be cured. Shakespeare's ultimately positive portrayal of the emotion challenges this view. Drawing on philosophers and theorists of shame, Shame in Shakespeare analyses the shame and humiliation suffered by the tragic hero, providing not only a new approach to Shakespeare but a committed and provocative argument for reclaiming shame. The volume provides an account of previous traditions of shame and of the Renaissance context, rich manifestations of both masculine and feminine shame in Shakespeare, detailed readings of Hamlet, Othello and King Lear, an analysis of the limitations of Roman shame in Antony and Cleopatra and Coriolanus and a polemical discussion of the fortunes of shame in modern literature after Shakespeare."	Ewan Fernie	PR2983.F47 2002Scribes and scholars : a guide to the transmission of Greek and Latin literature 	"One of the remarkable facts about the history of Western culture is that we are still in a position to read large amounts of the literature produced in classical Greece and Rome despite the fact that for at least a millennium and a half all copies had to be produced by hand and were subject to the hazards of fire, flood, and war. This book explains how the texts survived and gives an account of the reasons why it was thought worthwhile to spend the necessary effort to preserve them for future generations. In the second edition a section of notes was included, and a new chapter was added to deal with some aspects of scholarship since the Renaissance. In the third edition (1991), the authors responded to the urgent need to take account of the very large number of discoveries in this rapidly advancing field of knowledge by substantially revising or enlarging certain sections. The last two decades have seen further advances, and this revised edition is designed to take account of them.--Publisher."	L D Reynolds	AZ221.R49 2013"Jean-Luc Godard, cinema historian  "	"Originally released as a videographic experiment in film history, Jean-Luc Godard's Histoire(s) du cinema has been widely hailed as a landmark in how we think about and narrate cinema history, and in how history is taught through cinema. In this stunningly illustrated volume, Michael Witt explores Godard's landmark work as both a specimen of an artist's vision and a philosophical statement on the history of film. Witt contextualizes Godard's theories and approaches to historiography and provides a guide to the wide-ranging cinematic, aesthetic, and cultural forces that shaped Godard's groundbreaking ideas on the history of cinema."	Michael Witt	PN1998.3.G63W58 2013Animal characters : nonhuman beings in early modern literature 	"Our 2500-Year-Long Fascination with the World's Most Talkative Bird Bruce Thomas Boehrer As both a fiction writer and a lover of parrots, I was delighted and enlightened by Parrot Culture. This is an enchanting book.--Robert Olen Butler, author of A Good Scent from a Strange Mountain Engrossing ... Bruce Thomas Boehrer concentrates his well-stocked mind on what over the centuries we humans have done to, and done with, parrots.--Times Literary Supplement During the Renaissance, horses--long considered the privileged, even sentient companions of knights-errant--gradually lost their special place on the field of battle and with it their distinctive status in the world of chivalric heroism. Parrots, once the miraculous, articulate companions of popes and emperors, declined into figures of mindless mimicry. Cats, which were tortured by Catholics in the Middle Ages, were tortured in the Reformation as part of the Protestant attack on Catholicism. And sheep, the model for Agnus Deiimagery, underwent transformations at once legal, material, and spiritual as a result of their changing role in Europe's growing manufacturing and trade economies. While in the Middle Ages, these nonhumans were endowed with privileged social associations, personal agency, even the ability to reason and speak, in the early modern period they lost these qualities at the very same time that a new emphasis on, and understanding of, human character was developing in European literature.;In Animal Characters Bruce Thomas Boehrer follows five species--the horse, the parrot, the cat, the turkey, and the sheep--through their appearances in an eclectic mix of texts, from romances and poetry to cookbooks and natural histories. He shows how dramatic changes in animal character types between 1400 and 1700 relate to the emerging economy and culture of the European Renaissance. In early modern European culture, animals not only served humans as sources of labor, companionship, clothing, and food; these nonhuman creatures helped to form an understanding of personhood. Incorporating readings of Shakespeare's plays, Milton's Paradise Lost, Margaret Cavendish's Blazing World, and other works, Boehrer's series of animal character studies illuminates a fascinating period of change in interspecies relationships--Jacket."	Bruce Thomas Boehrer	PR149.A7B64 2010Discoveries of the Census of marine life : making ocean life count 	"Over the 10-year course of the recently completed Census of Marine Life, a global network of researchers in more than 80 nations has collaborated to improve our understanding of marine biodiversity - past, present, and future. Providing insight into this remarkable project, this book explains the rationale behind the Census and highlights some of its most important and dramatic findings, illustrated with full-color photographs throughout. It explores how new technologies and partnerships have contributed to greater knowledge of marine life, from unknown species and habitats, to migration routes and distribution patterns, and to a better appreciation of how the oceans are changing. Looking to the future, it identifies what needs to be done to close the remaining gaps in our knowledge and provide information that will enable us to better manage resources, conserve diversity, reverse habitat losses, and respond to global climate change--Provided by publisher."	Paul V R Snelgrove	QH91.8.B6S64 2010Women and art : contested territory 	"Over the centuries, male artists and critics have laid claim to a gender monopoly on artistic greatness. Yet many female artists have produced art of great power despite widespread hostility and practical obstacles. Some have received critical recognition; many more have remained obscure. One far-reaching consequence of this is that some of the most famous images of women have been produced by artists with no direct knowledge of the female experience. ... In this groundbreaking book, the feminist artist Judy Chicago and art historian Edward Lucie-Smith select and analyze images of women by both male and female artists from the whole of Western art history. ... these images proved a wide-ranging, spirited dialogue between the authors as they discuss some of the contrasting ways women have been portrayed...-Jacket flap."	Judy Chicago	N7630.C49 1999Appetite for profit : how the food industry undermines our health and how to fight back 	"Over the past two years, concerned Americans have finally begun to ask who is to blame for the growing public health crisis of obesity and diet-related illnesses? Is the junk food industry at fault, or is it all just a matter of personal and parental responsibility? How can we fight back with workable solutions? In communities all over the country, people are attempting to take back their food supply from greedy corporations. Public health attorney Simon describes food industry lobbying, front groups, and other tactics that operate to undermine nutrition policy in schools and elsewhere, and she explains how to counterattack. Additionally, she tells how to see through corporate promises; illustrates the importance of rhetoric to control the debate; informs how to respond; celebrates the unsung heroes in the fight; and provides resources on how to get involved.--From publisher description."	Michele Simon	TX360.U6S57 2006"Child sexual abuse and the Catholic Church : gender, power, and organizational culture "	"Overview: A meticulously researched inside look at child sexual abuse by clergy, this exhaustive, hard-hitting analysis weaves together interviews with abusive priests and church historical and administrative details to propose a new way of thinking about clerical sexual offenders. Linking the personal and the institutional, researcher and therapist Marie Keenan locates the problem of child sexual abuse not exclusively in individual pathology, but also within larger systemic factors, such as the very institution of priesthood itself, the Catholic take on sexuality, clerical culture, power relations, governance structures of the Catholic Church, the process of formation for priesthood and religious life, and the complex manner in which these factors coalesce to create serious institutional risks for boundary violations, including child sexual abuse. Keenan draws on the priests' own words not to excuse their horrific crimes, but to offer the first in-depth account of a tragic, multi-faceted phenomenon. What emerges is a troubling portrait of a Church in crisis and a series of recommendations that call for nothing less than a new ecclesiology and a new, more critical theology. Only through radical institutional reform, Keenan argues, can a more representative and accountable Church emerge. Child Sexual Abuse and the Catholic Church is a unique reference for scholars of the Church and therapists who work with both victims and offenders, as well as a forward-thinking blueprint for reform."	Marie Keenan	BX1912.9.K44 2012The ripple effect : the fate of freshwater in the twenty-first century 	"Overview: As Alex Prud'homme and his great-aunt Julia Child were completing their collaboration on her memoir, My Life in France, they began to talk about the French obsession with bottled water, which had finally spread to America. From this spark of interest, Prud'homme began what would become an ambitious quest to understand the evolving story of freshwater. What he found was shocking: as the climate warms and world population grows, demand for water has surged, but supplies of freshwater are static or dropping, and new threats to water quality appear every day. The Ripple Effect is Prud'homme's vivid and engaging inquiry into the fate of freshwater in the twenty-first century. The questions he sought to answer were urgent: Will there be enough water to satisfy demand? What are the threats to its quality? What is the state of our water infrastructure-both the pipes that bring us freshwater and the levees that keep it out? How secure is our water supply from natural disasters and terrorist attacks? Can we create new sources for our water supply through scientific innovation? Is water a right like air or a commodity like oil-and who should control the tap? Will the wars of the twenty-first century be fought over water? Like Daniel Yergin's classic The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil, Money & Power, Prud'homme's The Ripple Effect is a masterwork of investigation and dramatic narrative. With striking instincts for a revelatory story, Prud'homme introduces readers to an array of colorful, obsessive, brilliant-and sometimes shadowy-characters through whom these issues come alive. Prud'homme traversed the country, and he takes readers into the heart of the daily dramas that will determine the future of this essential resource-from the alleged murder of a water scientist in a New Jersey purification plant, to the epic confrontation between salmon fishermen and copper miners in Alaska, to the poisoning of Wisconsin wells, to the epidemic of intersex fish in the Chesapeake Bay, to the wars over fracking for natural gas. Michael Pollan has changed the way we think about the food we eat; Alex Prud'homme will change the way we think about the water we drink. Informative and provocative, The Ripple Effect is a major achievement."	Alex Prud'homme	TD345.P77 2011Intimate lives of the ancient Greeks  	"Overview: This work explores various aspects of ancient Greek personal and emotional lives, beginning with their understandings of their own bodies, individual and personal relationships, and ending with their feelings about religion and the afterlife. It covers ancient Greek culture from the early Archaic period in the 8th century BCE through the Late Classical period in the 4th century BCE. Readers will be fascinated to learn what the Greeks thought about the gods, physical deformity, citizenship, nymphs, goats, hospitality, and sexual relations that would be considered incest by modern standards. The content of the book provides an intimate sense of what the ancient Greeks were actually like, connecting ancient experiences to present-day culture. The chapters span a wide range of topics, including the human body, family and societal relationships, city life, the world as they knew it, and religious belief. The author draws extensively on primary sources to allow the reader to hear the Greeks speak for themselves and presents evidence from literature, art, and architecture in order to depict the ancient Greeks as living, breathing, thinking, and feeling people."	Stephanie Lynn Budin	DF91.B84 2013Painting the city red : Chinese cinema and the urban contract 	"Painting the City Red illuminates the dynamic relationship between the visual media, particularly film and theater, and the planning and development of cities in China and Taiwan, from the emergence of the People's Republic in 1949 to the staging of the Beijing Olympics in 2008. Yomi Braester argues that the transformation of Chinese cities in recent decades is a result not only of China's abandonment of Maoist economic planning in favor of capitalist globalization but also of a shift in visual practices. Rather than simply reflect urban culture, movies and stage dramas have facilitated the development of new perceptions of space and time, representing the future city variously as an ideal socialist city, a metropolis integrated into the global economy, and a site for preserving cultural heritage. Drawing on extensive archival research, interviews with leading filmmakers and urban planners, and close readings of scripts and images, Braester describes how films and stage plays have promoted and opposed official urban plans and policies as they have addressed issues such as demolition-and-relocation plans, the preservation of vernacular architecture, and the global real estate market. He shows how the cinematic rewriting of historical narratives has accompanied the spatial reorganization of specific urban sites, including Nanjing Road in Shanghai; veterans' villages in Taipei; and Tiananmen Square, centuries-old courtyards, and postmodern architectural landmarks in Beijing. In Painting the City Red, Braester reveals the role that film and theater have played in mediating state power, cultural norms, and the struggle for civil society in Chinese cities.--Back cover."	Yomi Braester	PN1993.5.C4B73 2010What clothes reveal : the language of clothing in colonial and federal America : the Colonial Williamsburg Collection 	"Paintings of upper-class men and women tell an important part of the history of costumes, but surviving garments reveal even more. Every crease, stitch, and stain in a piece of clothing supplies valuable information about its wearer and its era. This stunning book features eighteenth - and early-nineteenth-century garments from the premiere collection of Colonial Williamsburg. Illustrated with more than 300 color photographs, including many details and back views, What Clothes Reveal treats not only elegant, high-style clothing in colonial America but also garments for everyday and work, the clothing of slaves, and maternity and nursing apparel. Drawing on contemporary written descriptions and on actual costumes of the period, the book analyzes what Americans in the eighteenth century considered fashionable and attractive and how they used clothing to assert status or to identify occupations. The book also examines the myths and meanings of clothing in British and American society, clothing for the entire life cycle, and a history of clothing alteration. Informative sidebars on a variety of fascinating topics complete the volume.--Jacket."	Linda Baumgarten	GT607.B38 2002Ghosts of Manila  	"Part-travelogue, the novel chronicles a Third World country gone amok. It is told through the eyes of John Prideaux, a British film maker in the Philippines. A tale of corruption, sexual exploitation, slums and sweatshops. By the author of The Great Deep."	James Hamilton-Paterson	PR6058.A5543G54 1994Patterns in the void : why nothing is important 	"Patterns in the Void examines the great dark matter and dark regions that pervade the universe, from elementary particles to the immense areas of vacuum that make up most of deep space and everything that is - or is not. Like the void itself, the book ranges in temporal and spatial scales - from our human world, down to the molecular and subatomic world, and up into the farthest reaches of the expanding universe.;Building upon the great theories that broke through physics and biophysics in the twentieth century, Patterns in the Void weaves the human element into understanding modern science, telling stories of ancient sacrifices, paranormal experiences, purported alien abductions, and more - all part of the human dilemma to make sense of the vast unknown.--Jacket."	Sten F Odenwald	QC6.O35 2002Paul Auster's writing machine : a thing to write with 	"Paul Auster is one of the most acclaimed figures in American literature. Known primarily as a novelist, Auster's films and various collaborations are now gaining more recognition. Evija Trofimova offers a radically different approach to the author's wider body of work, unpacking the fascinating web of relationships between his texts and presenting Auster's canon as a rhizomatic facto-fictional network produced by a set of writing tools. Exploring Auster's literal and figurative use of these tools-the typewriter, the cigarette, the doppelga_nger figure, the city-Evija Trofimova discovers Auster's writing machine, a device that works both as a means to write and as a construct that manifests the emblematic writer-figure. This is a book about assembling texts and textual networks, the writing machines that produce them, and the ways such machines invest them with meaning. Embarking on a scholarly quest that takes her from between the lines of Auster's work to between the streets of his beloved New York and finally to the man himself, Paul Auster's Writing Machine becomes not just a critical investigation but a critical collaboration, raising important questions about the ultimate meaning of Auster's work, and about the relationship between texts, their authors, their readers and their critics. -- Provided by publisher."	Evija Trofimova	PS3551.U77T89 2014"Ecological imperialism : the biological expansion of Europe, 900-1900 "	"People of European descent form the bulk of the population in most of the temperate zones of the world--North America, Australia and New Zealand. The military successes of European imperialism are easy to explain because in many cases they were achieved by using firearms against spears. Alfred Crosby, however, explains that the Europeans' displacement and replacement of the native peoples in the temperate zones was more a matter of biology than of military conquest. Now in a new edition with a new preface, Crosby revisits his classic work and again evaluates the ecological reasons for European expansion."	Alfred W Crosby	GF50.C76 2004"Performing the nation in interwar Germany : sport, spectacle and political symbolism, 1926-36 "	"Performing the Nation in Interwar Germany challenges the notion that the Nazis invented the use of aesthetics for the staging of their mass events. Instead, the book argues that the period from the mid-1920s to the mid-1930s can be considered as a whole in regards to the development of political aesthetics and festive culture. A stress on rhythm, moving bodies, shapes, and community already characterized mass events in the republic and strongly influenced festivities, parades, sporting events and spectacles organized by the republican state. Consequently, the originality of Nazi propaganda and representation was limited as the public was well accustomed to mass staged events by the state and political organizations alike by the time the National Socialists came to power. 'Nazi aesthetics' were less quintessentially 'Nazi' but expressed the Zeitgeist of the 1920s and 1930s.--Jacket."	Nadine Rossol	DD240.R633 2010Perspectives in animal phylogeny and evolution  	"Perspectives in Animal Phylogeny and Evolution successfully integrates morphological, fossil, and molecular evidence to produce a novel reinterpretation of animal evolution. This accessible text is suitable for graduate students taking advanced courses in evolutionary developmental biology, invertebrate zoology, molecular phylogenetics, and palaeontology, as well as professional researchers in these fields requiring an authoritative and up-to-date overview of this dynamic topic.--Jacket."	Alessandro Minelli	QH367.5.M47 2009Philip Roth : fiction and power 	"Philip Roth is widely acknowledged as one of the defining authors in the literature and culture of post-war America. Yet he has long been a polarising figure and throughout his long career he has won the disapproval of an extremely diverse range of public moralists - including, it would seem, the Nobel Prize committee. Far from seeking to make Roth a more palatable writer, Patrick Hayes argues that Roth's interest in transgressing against the 'virtue racket', as one of his characters put it, defines his importance. Placing the vehemence and unruliness of human passions at the heart of his writing, Roth is the most subtle exponent of a line of thinking that descends from Nietzsche and which values the arts for their capacity to scrutinise life in an extra-moral way. This book explores the depth and richness of insight that Roth's fiction thereby generates, and defines what is at stake in his challenge to widely-held assumptions about the ethical value of literature."	Patrick Hayes	PS3568.O855Z693 2014"Writers, readers, and reputations : literary life in Britain, 1870-1918 "	"Philip Waller explores the literary world in which the modern best-seller first emerged, with writers promoted as stars and celebrities, advertising both products and themselves."	P J Waller	PR451.W35 2006"Philosophy as fiction : self, deception, and knowledge in Proust "	"Philosophy as Fiction seeks to account for the peculiar power of philosophical literature by taking as its case study the paradigmatic generic hybrid of the twentieth century, Marcel Proust's In Search of Lost Time. At once philosophical - in that it presents claims, and even deploys arguments concerning such traditionally philosophical issues as knowledge, self-deception, selfhood, love, friendship, and art - and literary - in that its situations are imaginary and its stylization inescapably prominent - Proust's novel presents us with a conundrum. How should it be read? Can the two discursive structures coexist, or must philosophy inevitably undermine literature (by sapping the narrative of its vitality) and literature undermine philosophy (by placing its claims in the mouth of an often unreliable narrator)? Unlike the essay Proust might have written, his novel grants us the opportunity to use it as a practice ground for cooperation among our faculties, for the careful sifting of memories, for the complex procedures involved in self-fashioning, and for the related art of self-deception. It is only because the narrator's insights do not always add up - a weakness, so long as one treats the novel as a straightforward treatise - that it can produce its training effect, a feature that turns out to be its ultimate strength.--Jacket."	Joshua Landy	PQ2631.R63Z6577 2004The Basilica of St. Francis of Assisi : glory and destruction 	Photographs taken of the murals from the upper basilica before they were destroyed by an earthquake.	Giorgio Bonsanti	ND2757.A8B6613 1998Plato's Cratylus : the comedy of language 	"Plato's dialogue Cratylus focuses on being and human dependence on words, or the essential truths about the human condition. Arguing that comedy is an essential part of Plato's concept of language, S. Montgomery Ewegen asserts that understanding the comedic is key to an understanding of Plato's deeper philosophical intentions. Ewegen shows how Plato's view of language is bound to comedy through words and how, for Plato, philosophy has much in common with playfulness and the ridiculous. By tying words, language, and our often uneasy relationship with them to comedy, Ewegen frames a new reading of this notable Platonic dialogue."	S Montgomery Ewegen	B367.E94 2014The Bostonians : a play in two acts from the novel by Henry James 	"Play basedon Henry James novel of the same title. Mississippi lawyer and Civil War veteran, Basil Ransom, visits his cousin Olive Chancellor in Boston. She takes him to a political meeting where Verena Tarrant delivers a feminist speech. Ransom, a strong conservative, is annoyed by the speech but fascinated with the speaker. Olive, who has never before set eyes on Verena, is equally fascinated. She persuades Verena to leave her parents' house, move in with her and study in preparation for a career in the feminist movement. Meanwhile, Ransom returns to his law practice in New York, which is not doing well. He visits Boston again and walks with Verena through the Harvard College grounds, including the impressive Civil War memorial. Verena finds herself attracted to the charismatic Ransom. Basil eventually proposes to Verena, much to Olive's dismay. Olive has arranged for Verena to speak at the Boston Music Hall. Ransom shows up at the hall just before Verena is scheduled to begin her speech. He persuades Verena to elope with him, to the discomfiture of Olive and her fellow-feminists. The final sentence of the novel shows Verena in tears... --Wikipedia.com."	Robert Manson Myers	PS3563.Y455B67 2005The poems of Vikram Babu  	Poems.	Jesu_s Aguado	PQ6651.G57P6413 2009The poetry and short stories of Dorothy Parker. 	"Poetry and short stories by American author Dorothy Parker, who got her start as a caption writer for Vogue and was instrumental in forming the character of the New Yorker magazine at its founding in 1925."	Dorothy Parker	PS3531.A5855A6 1994Powers of ten : a book about the relative size of things in the universe and the effect of adding another zero 	Powers of ten--a film dealing with the relative size of things in the universe and the effect of adding another zero (Motion picture).	Philip Morrison	QB981.M865 1982Bayesian data analysis  	"Preface This book is intended to have three roles and to serve three associated audiences: an introductory text on Bayesian inference starting from first principles, a graduate text on effective current approaches to Bayesian modeling and computation in statistics and related fields, and a handbook of Bayesian methods in applied statistics for general users of and researchers in applied statistics. Although introductory in its early sections, the book is definitely not elementary in the sense of a first text in statistics. The mathematics used in our book is basic probability and statistics, elementary calculus, and linear algebra. A review of probability notation is given in Chapter 1 along with a more detailed list of topics assumed to have been studied. The practical orientation of the book means that the reader's previous experience in probability, statistics, and linear algebra should ideally have included strong computational components. To write an introductory text alone would leave many readers with only a taste of the conceptual elements but no guidance for venturing into genuine practical applications, beyond those where Bayesian methods agree essentially with standard non-Bayesian analyses. On the other hand, we feel it would be a mistake to present the advanced methods without first introducing the basic concepts from our data-analytic perspective. Furthermore, due to the nature of applied statistics, a text on current Bayesian methodology would be incomplete without a variety of worked examples drawn from real applications. To avoid cluttering the main narrative, there are bibliographic notes at the end of each chapter and references at the end of the book--Provided by publisher."	Andrew Gelman	QA279.5.G45 2014Basic writings of Kant  	"Presents the essential works of the philosopher, including Critique of Pure Reason and Eternal Peace."	Immanuel Kant	B2758.B352 2001Principles of the quantum control of molecular processes  	"Principles and Applications of Quantum Control Over the past fifteen years, significant developments have been made in utilizing quantum attributes of light and matter to assume unprecedented control over the dynamics of atomic and molecular systems. This growth reflects a confluence of factors including the maturation of quantum mechanics as a tool for chemistry and physics, the development of new laser devices increasing our ability to manipulate light, and the recognition that coherent laser light can be used to imprint information on atoms and molecules for practical purposes. Written by two of the world's leading researchers in the field, Principles of the Quantum Control of Molecular Processes offers a systematic introduction to the fundamental principles of coherent control, and to the physics and chemistry necessary to master it. Designed as both a resource for self-study and as a graduate textbook, this survey of the subject provides a step-by-step discussion of light-matter interactions along with coverage of such essential topics as: Molecular dynamics and control The dynamics of photodissociation Bimolecular collision processes The control of chirality and asymmetric synthesis Application of control using moderate and strong fields Tuning the system and laser parameters to achieve optimal control Decoherence and methods for countering it Both authoritative and comprehensive, this first in-depth treatment of coherent control is destined to become the standard reference in an increasingly influential field. PAUL W. BRUMER, PhD, is University Professor-Theoretical Chemical Physics and holds the Roel Buck Chair in Chemical Physics at the University of Toronto. He received his BSc. from Brooklyn College and his PhD from Harvard University. MOSHE SHAPIRO, PhD, is the Jacques Mimran Professor of Chemical Physics at the Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel, and a Professor of Chemistry and Physics at the University of British Columbia. He received his BSc, MSc, and PhD from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. The authors are among the cofounders of the field of coherent control. They have published extensively on this and related subjects in chemical physics, and have received numerous awards and worldwide recognition for their research contributions."	Moshe Shapiro	QC446.2.B78 2003A theory of objects  	"Procedural languages are generally well understood. Their foundations have been cast in calculi that prove useful in matters of implementation and semantics. So far, an analogous understanding has not emerged for object-oriented languages. In this book the authors take a novel approach to the understanding of object-oriented languages by introducing object calculi and developing a theory of objects around them. The book covers both the semantics of objects and their typing rules, and explains a range of object-oriented concepts, such as self, dynamic dispatch, classes, inheritance, prototyping, subtyping, covariance and contravariance, and method specialization. Researchers and graduate students will find this an important development of the underpinnings of object-oriented programming.--Jacket."	Marti_n Abadi	QA76.64.A22 1996Constantine and the Christian empire  	"Professor Charles Odahl has written an account of the life and reign of the first Christian emperor of the Roman world. A comprehensive knowledge of the literary sources, combined with extensive research into the material remains of the Constantinian era, enables the creation of a more rounded and accurate scholarly portrait than has previously been available. Assessed within the context of the third century crisis and the fourth century revival of the Roman Empire, Constantine emerges as one of the most astute political leaders, great field commanders, sincere religious reformers, and extensive imperial builders among the entire line of Roman emperors.;Plentifully illustrated with 92 photographs and 8 maps, Constantine and the Christian Empire will be the standard work on the man and his times for scholars, students, and all those interested in Roman imperial, early Christian, and Byzantine imperial history.--Jacket."	Charles M Odahl	DG315.O33 2004Analytic projective geometry  	"Projective geometry is concerned with the properties of figures that are invariant by projecting and taking sections. It is considered one of the most beautiful parts of geometry and plays a central role because its specializations cover the whole of the affine, Euclidean and non-Euclidean geometries. The natural extension of projective geometry is projective algebraic geometry, a rich and active field of research. Regarding its applications, results and techniques of projective geometry are today intensively used in computer vision. This book contains a comprehensive presentation of projective geometry, over the real and complex number fields, and its applications to affine and Euclidean geometries. --Publisher's description."	E Casas-Alvero	QA554.C37 2014Digital 3D design  	Provides all the information needed by today's 3D designer.--Cover.	Simon Danaher	T385.D32 2001Shakespeare's individualism  	"Providing a provocative and original perspective on Shakespeare, Peter Holbrook argues that Shakespeare is an author friendly to such essentially modern and unruly notions as individuality, freedom, self-realization and authenticity. These expressive values vivify Shakespeare's own writing; they also form a continuous, and a central, part of the Shakespearean tradition. Engaging with the theme of the individual will in specific plays and poems, and examining a range of libertarian-minded scholarly and literary responses to Shakespeare over time, Shakespeare's Individualism advances the proposition that one of the key reasons for reading Shakespeare today is his commitment to individual liberty - even as we recognize that freedom is not just an indispensable ideal but also, potentially, a dangerous one. Engagingly written and jargon-free, this book demonstrates that Shakespeare has important things to say about fundamental issues of human existence.--Jacket."	Peter Holbrook	PR2986.H65 2010"Algorithms on strings, trees, and sequences : computer science and computational biology "	"Publisher Description (unedited publisher data) String algorithms are a traditional area of study in computer science. In recent years their importance has grown dramatically with the huge increase of electronically stored text and of molecular sequence data (DNA or protein sequences) produced by various genome projects. This book is a general text on computer algorithms for string processing. In addition to pure computer science, the book contains extensive discussions on biological problems that are cast as string problems, and on methods developed to solve them. It emphasises the fundamental ideas and techniques central to today's applications. New approaches to this complex material simplify methods that up to now have been for the specialist alone. With over 400 exercises to reinforce the material and develop additional topics, the book is suitable as a text for graduate or advanced undergraduate students in computer science, computational biology, or bio-informatics. Its discussion of current algorithms and techniques also makes it a reference for professionals. Library of Congress subject headings for this publication: Computer algorithms, Bioinformatics, Molecular biology Data processing."	Dan Gusfield	QA76.9.A43G87 1997Pox Americana : the great smallpox epidemic of 1775-82 	"Publisher description: A horrifying epidemic of smallpox was sweeping across the Americas when the War of Independence began, and yet we know almost nothing about it. Elizabeth A. Fenn reveals how deeply variola affected the outcome of the war in every colony and the lives of everyone in North America. By 1776, when military action and political ferment increased the movement of people and microbes, the epidemic worsened. Fenn's research shows us how smallpox devastated the American troops at Quebec and kept them at bay during the British occupation of Boston. Soon the disease affected the war in Virginia, where it ravaged slaves who had escaped to join the British forces. During the terrible winter at Valley Forge, General Washington had to decide if and when to attempt the risky inoculation of his troops. In 1779, while Creeks and Cherokees were dying in Georgia, smallpox broke out in Mexico City, whence it followed travelers going north, striking Santa Fe and outlying pueblos in January 1781. Simultaneously it moved up the Pacific coast and east across the plains as far as Hudson's Bay. The destructive, desolating power of smallpox made for a cascade of public-health crises and heartbreaking human drama. Fenn's work shows how this tragedy was met and what its consequences were for America."	Elizabeth A Fenn	RC183.49.F46 2001Lust  	"Publisher's description: Lust, says Simon Blackburn, is furtive, headlong, always sizing up opportunities. It is a trail of clothing in the hallway, the trashy cousin of love. But be that as it may, the aim of this delightful book is to rescue lust from the denunciations of old men of the deserts, to deliver it from the pallid and envious confessor and the stocks and pillories of the Puritans, to drag it from the category of sin to that of virtue. Blackburn, author of such popular philosophy books as Think and Being Good, here offers a sharp-edged probe into the heart of lust, blending together insight from some of the world's greatest thinkers on sex, human nature, and our common cultural foibles. Blackburn takes a wide ranging, historical approach, discussing lust as viewed by Aristophanes and Plato, lust in the light of the Stoic mistrust of emotion, and the Christian fear of the flesh that catapulted lust to the level of deadly sin. He describes how philosophical pessimists like Schopenhauer and Sartre contributed to our thinking about lust and explores the false starts in understanding lust represented by Freud, Kinsey, and modern evolutionary psychology. But most important, Blackburn reminds us that lust is also life-affirming, invigorating, fun. He points to the work of David Hume (Blackburn's favorite philosopher) who saw lust not only as a sensual delight but also a joy of the mind. Written by one of the most eminent living philosophers, attractively illustrated and colourfully packaged, Lust is a book that anyone would lust over."	Simon Blackburn	BV4627.L8B585 2004"The eye of the Lynx : Galileo, his friends, and the beginnings of modern natural history "	"Publisher's description: Some years ago, David Freedberg opened a dusty cupboard at Windsor Castle and discovered hundreds of vividly colored, masterfully precise drawings of all sorts of plants and animals from the Old and New Worlds. Coming upon thousands more drawings like them across Europe, Freedberg finally traced them all back to a little-known scientific organization from seventeenth-century Italy called the Academy of Linceans (or Lynxes). Founded by Prince Federico Cesi in 1603, the Linceans took as their task nothing less than the documentation and classification of all of nature in pictorial form. In this first book-length study of the Linceans to appear in English, Freedberg focuses especially on their unprecedented use of drawings based on microscopic observation and other new techniques of visualization. Where previous thinkers had classified objects based mainly on similarities of external appearance, the Linceans instead turned increasingly to sectioning, dissection, and observation of internal structures. They applied their new research techniques to an incredible variety of subjects, from the objects in the heavens studied by their most famous (and infamous) member Galileo Galilei--whom they supported at the most critical moments of his career--to the flora and fauna of Mexico, bees, fossils, and the reproduction of plants and fungi. But by demonstrating the inadequacy of surface structures for ordering the world, the Linceans unwittingly planted the seeds for the demise of their own favorite method--visual description-as a mode of scientific classification. Profusely illustrated and engagingly written, Eye of the Lynx uncovers a crucial episode in the development of visual representation and natural history. And perhaps as important, it offers readers a dazzling array of early modern drawings, from magnificently depicted birds and flowers to frogs in amber, monstrously misshapen citrus fruits, and more."	David Freedberg	Q127.I8F74 2002"Interrogations : the Nazi elite in Allied hands, 1945 "	"Publisher's description: While the trial of Hitler's fallen elite at Nuremberg has been thoroughly documented, the interval between the Nazis' capture in May and June 1945 and the start of the actual trial in late November has until now remained shrouded in shadow. With Interrogations, acclaimed historian Richard Overy opens a new window into the Third Reich, providing an intimate glimpse of the savage dictatorship in its death throes. More than thirty transcripts of the interrogations are reproduced here for the first time, allowing us to hear the voices of the newly captured Hitler gang--Including Gr_ing, Speer, and Hess--as they squirmed under the Allies' glare. Interrogations is the stark and disturbing history of defeat; it lays bare as never before the human weaknesses that made the Third Reich possible."	R J Overy	D736.O94 2001Coney Island Christmas  	"Pulitzer Prize-winner Donald Margulies weaves together nostalgia, music, and merriment in this new season classic. A holiday show for people of all ages and all faiths, Coney Island Christmas introduces us to Shirley Abramowitz, a young Jewish girl who (much to her immigrant parents' consternation) is cast as Jesus in the school's Christmas pageant. As Shirley, now much older, recounts the memorable story to her great-granddaughter, the play captures a timeless and universal tale of what it means to be an American during the holidays.--Page 4 of cover"	Donald Margulies	PS3563.A653C66 2014Fire and light : how the enlightenment transformed our world 	"Pulitzer Prize-winning and bestselling historian James MacGregor Burns explores the most daring and transformational intellectual movement in history, the European and American Enlightenment In this engaging, provocative history, James MacGregor Burns brilliantly illuminates the two-hundred-year conflagration of the Enlightenment, when audacious questions and astonishing ideas tore across Europe and the New World, transforming thought, overturning governments, and inspiring visionary political experiments."	James MacGregor Burns	B802.B87 2013Losing the news : the future of the news that feeds democracy 	"Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Alex S. Jones explores how the epochal changes sweeping the media have eroded the core news that has been the essential food supply of our democracy. At a time of dazzling technological innovation, Jones says that what stands to be lost is the fact-based reporting that serves as a watchdog over government, holds the powerful accountable, and gives citizens what they need. In a tumultuous new media era, with cutthroat competition and panic over profits, the commitment of the traditional news media to serious news is fading. Should we lose a critical mass of this news, our democracy will weaken--and possibly even begin to fail. This book is also a call to arms. Despite the current crisis, there are many hopeful signs, and Jones closes by looking over the horizon and exploring ways the iron core can be preserved.--From publisher description."	Alex S Jones	PN4888.P6J66 2009Rat island : predators in paradise and the world's greatest wildlife rescue 	"Rat Island rises from the icy gray waters of the Bering Sea, a mass of volcanic rock covered with tundra, midway between Alaska and Siberia. Once a remote sanctuary for enormous flocks of seabirds, the island gained a new name when shipwrecked rats colonized, savaging the nesting birds by the thousands. Now, on this and hundreds of other remote islands around the world, a massive-and massively controversial-wildlife rescue mission is under way. Islands, making up just 3 percent of Earth's landmass, harbor more than half of its endangered species. These fragile ecosystems, home to unique species that evolved in peaceful isolation, have been catastrophically disrupted by mainland predators-rats, cats, goats, and pigs ferried by humans to islands around the globe. To save these endangered islanders, academic ecologists have teamed up with professional hunters and semiretired poachers in a radical act of conservation now bent on annihilating the invaders. Sharpshooters are sniping at goat herds from helicopters. Biological SWAT teams are blanketing mountainous isles with rat poison. Rat Island reveals a little-known and much-debated side of today's conservation movement, founded on a cruel-to-be-kind philosophy. Touring exotic locales with a ragtag group of environmental fighters, William Stolzenburg delivers both perilous adventure and intimate portraits of human, beast, hero, and villain. And amid manifold threats to life on Earth, he reveals a new reason to hope--Provided by publisher."	William Stolzenburg	QL83.2.S76 2011Reading Shakespeare's poems in early modern England  	"Reading Shakespeare's Poems in Early Modern England - the first comprehensive study of early modern texts, readings and readers of Shakespeare's poems in print and manuscript - makes a compelling contribution to both Shakespeare studies and the history of the book. Examining the formation of gendered readerships and the uses of 'light' literature, reading practices and manuscript culture, textual forms and transmission, literary taste and the canonisation of Shakespeare, this book explores the dazzling energy and creativity of early modern literary culture.;Drawing upon new archival research into the fascinating work of Shakespeare's first readers (both men and women), Roberts argues that historicist criticism can no longer ignore histories of reading.--Cover."	Sasha Roberts	PR2984.R63 2003Historical dictionary of Cambodia  	"Recognizing that considerable research remains to be done on Cambodia's political history and leaders, this Dictionary makes a large contribution to Cambodia and prominent Cambodians. This comprehensive work offers biographical details on the rulers, leaders, and opinion-makers from the time of Jayavarman II to Hun Sen and detailing key events and recent political developments. It also reveals unexpected continuities and discontinuities in elite composition and national ideological outlooks. The introduction sketches the transformation in national regime organization from the time of the Angkor Empire through colonial subordination by the French and into the country's independence. The comprehensive bibliography of classic works available on the country includes a small number of recently completed doctoral dissertations to indicate current scholarly trends.--Jacket."	Justin J Corfield	DS554.25.C67 2003Thomas More  	"Reconsidering key issues in More's life, this new study not only allows us to see with clarity the different portrayals that have arisen to explain or condemn or exculpate, it also breaks fresh ground in its use of new evidence to reconstitute More's beliefs on Henry VIII and the royal supremacy, on the power of Parliament, on the power of the papacy and of the General Council of the Roman Catholic Church. To the question 'For what did More so silently die?' we now have a better informed, if no less controversial, answer. But who was the historical More? Which of the many characterisations that have attached to his name, some plainly incompatible, are upheld by the sources? In this new study we are, taken behind the facade, to understand better the substructure of evidence on which biographers must construct their works. We see not only the different portrayals that have arisen to explain or condemn or exculpate, but are also given a sense of what we can and cannot know about Thomas More, laying bare those points of transition between the sustainable and the conjectural.--Jacket."	J A Guy	DA334.M8G89 2000Capturing the German eye : American visual propaganda in occupied Germany 	"Recounts the complicated and often contradictory role that visual propaganda, iconoclasm, and censorship played in the denazifying and re-education of the Germans after 1945."	Cora Sol Goldstein	DD257.G596 2009Napoleon's Egypt : invading the Middle East 	"Recounts the occupation of Egypt by Napoleon and his army, describing how misunderstandings and miscalculations on both sides led to the failure of the ill-fated French attempt to bring liberty and the rule of law to the country."	Juan Ricardo Cole	DT100.C65 2007The sun kings : the unexpected tragedy of Richard Carrington and the tale of how modern astronomy began 	Recounts the story behind English astronomer Richard Carrington's observations of a mysterious explosion on the surface of the sun and how his understanding that the sun's magnetism directly influences the Earth helped usher in the modern era of astronomy.	Stuart Clark	QB35.C53 2007The shotgun method : the demography of the ancient Greek city-state culture 	"Reflecting the innovative work of the Copenhagen Polis Centre's 2004 inventory of Archaic and Classical Greek city-states, Hansen's shotgun method for reconstructing and estimating the overall size and local distribution of the Greek population challenges the long-standing opinion that the majority of ancient Greeks lived a rural, subsistent life--Provided by publisher."	Mogens Herman Hansen	DE61.P63H36 2006Seamus Heaney's Regions  	"Regional voices from England, Ireland, and Scotland inspired Seamus Heaney, the 1995 Nobel prize-winner, to become a poet, and his home region of Northern Ireland provided the subject matter for much of his poetry. In his work, Heaney explored, recorded, and preserved both the disappearing agrarian life of his origins and the dramatic rise of sectarianism and the subsequent outbreak of the Northern Irish Troubles beginning in the late 1960s. At the same time, Heaney consistently imagined a new region of Northern Ireland where the conflicts that have long beset it and, by extension, the relationship between Ireland and the United Kingdom might be synthesized and resolved. Finally, there is a third region Heaney committed himself to explore and map-the spirit region, that world beyond our ken. In Seamus Heaney's Regions, Richard Rankin Russell argues that Heaney's regions-the first, geographic, historical, political, cultural, linguistic; the second, a future where peace, even reconciliation, might one day flourish; the third, the life beyond this one-offer the best entrance into and a unified understanding of Heaney's body of work in poetry, prose, translations, and drama. As Russell shows, Heaney believed in the power of ideas-and the texts representing them-to begin resolving historical divisions. For Russell, Heaney's regionalist poetry contains a Hegelian synthesis view of history that imagines potential resolutions to the conflicts that have plagued Ireland and Northern Ireland for centuries. Drawing on extensive archival and primary material by the poet, Seamus Heaney's Regions examines Heaney's work from before his first published poetry volume, Death of a Naturalist in 1966, to his most recent volume, the elegiac Human Chain in 2010, to provide the most comprehensive treatment of the poet's work to date. Richard Rankin Russell's Seamus Heaney's Regions is a major and original contribution; it is hard to think of another critical work on Heaney that is so complete in its coverage, from the earliest activities to Human Chain. Russell is extremely well-versed in Heaney's writings, and extends his analysis beyond the usual concentration on the poetry to bring in the crucial prose and dramatic works, including the early, largely forgotten items. The breadth of his approach makes his book of interest to scholars in such neighboring fields as social geography, history, and theology as well as contemporary literature.--Bernard O'Donoghue, Wadham College, University of Oxford--Provided by publisher."	Richard Rankin Russell	PR6058.E2Z866 2014Rembrandt by himself  	"Rembrandt van Rijn (1606-1669) made hundreds of paintings, etchings and drawings, covering a broad range of subject matter. The proportion of these images that can be classified as self portraits is exceptional. All the surviving examples, many of which have long been among the most celebrated images in Western Art, are described and illustrated here, together with copies after lost pieces. The development of Rembrandt's style from his youth in Leiden to the last years in Amsterdam, and the gradual ageing of his features over the years, are both vividly revealed.--Jacket."	 Rembrandt Harmenszoon van Rijn	ND653.R4A4 1999aThe marshmallow test : mastering self-control 	"Renowned psychologist Walter Mischel, designer of the famous Marshmallow Test, explains what self-control is and how to master it. A child is presented with a marshmallow and given a choice: Eat this one now, or wait and enjoy two later. What will she do? And what are the implications for her behavior later in life? The world's leading expert on self-control, Walter Mischel has proven that the ability to delay gratification is critical for a successful life, predicting higher SAT scores, better social and cognitive functioning, a healthier lifestyle and a greater sense of self-worth. But is willpower prewired, or can it be taught? In The Marshmallow Test, Mischel explains how self-control can be mastered and applied to challenges in everyday life--from weight control to quitting smoking, overcoming heartbreak, making major decisions, and planning for retirement. With profound implications for the choices we make in parenting, education, public policy and self-care, The Marshmallow Test will change the way you think about who we are and what we can be.--Provided by publisher.;A child is presented with a marshmallow and given a choice: Eat this one now, or wait and enjoy two later. What will she do? And what are the implications for her behavior later in life? The world's leading expert on self-control, Walter Mischel has proven that the ability to delay gratification is critical for a successful life, predicting higher SAT scores, better social and cognitive functioning, a healthier lifestyle and a greater sense of self-worth. But is willpower prewired, or can it be taught? In The Marshmallow Test, Mischel explains how self-control can be mastered and applied to challenges in everyday life--from weight control to quitting smoking, overcoming heartbreak, making major decisions, and planning for retirement. With profound implications for the choices we make in parenting, education, public policy and self-care, The Marshmallow Test will change the way you think about who we are and what we can be--Provided by publisher."	Walter Mischel	BF632.M57 2014The pit : a story of Chicago 	"Reprint of a 1902 novel which tells the story of Curtis Jadwin, a man whose increasing attention to earning money in the wheat market of Chicago almost destroys his marriage. ***In the sequel to 'The Octopus, ' Curtis Jadwin works so hard to make money on the Chicago stock exchange that he ignores his loving wife. ***This classic literary critique of turn-of-the-century capitalism in the United States reveals Norris's powerful story of an obsessed trader intent on cornering the wheat market and the consequences of his unchecked greed. *** Curtis Jadwin, a successful turn-of-the-century dealer in Chicago real estate, overcomes reluctance and begins gambling in wheat futures in the great Chicago grain market called 'The Pit, ' bring on financial panic across the nation. Jadwin's pursuit of power and excitement through speculation had estranged him from his beautiful wife, Laura, who had found herself losing out to the Pit in competition for his live and attention. But the collapse of his paper empire, in which he loses everything, real property included, reunites them as they look to begin life anew in the West. Howard. America as Story."	Frank Norris	PS2472.P58 1994"Retrieving political emotion : thumos, Aristotle, and gender "	"Retrieving Political Emotion engages the reader in an excursion through our ancient Greek heritage to recover a concept of emotion useful for enriching political philosophy today. Focusing on thumos (typically translated as spiritedness, heart, or anger), Barbara Koziak reveals misinterpretations of the concept that have hampered recognition of its possibilities for normative theory. Then, drawing especially on Aristotle's construal of it as a general capacity for emotion and relating this to contemporary multidisciplinary work on emotion, she reformulates thumos to provide a more adequate theory of political emotion, as an antidote to the modern fixation on rational self-interest as the key to explaining political behavior.--Jacket."	Barbara Koziak	JC71.A7K69 2000Death and character : further reflections on Hume 	"Reviewing Annette Baier's 1995 work Moral Prejudices in the London Review of Books, Richard Rorty predicted that her work would be read hundreds of years hence; Baier's subsequent work has borne out such expectations, and this new book further extends her reach. Here she goes beyond her earlier work on David Hume to reflect on a topic that links his philosophy to questions of immediate relevance - in particular, questions about what character is and how it shapes our lives. Ranging widely in Hume's works, Baier considers his views on character, desirable character traits, his treatment of historical characters, and his own character as shown not just by his cheerful death - and what he chose to read shortly before it - but also by changes in his writings, especially his repudiation of the celebrated A Treatise on Human Nature. She offers new insight into the Treatise and its relation to the works in which Hume cast anew the material in its three books. Her reading radically revises the received interpretation of Hume's epistemology and, in particular, philosophy of mind.--Jacket."	Annette Baier	B1489.B34 2008Frege's theorem  	"Richard Heck explores a key idea in the work of the great philosopher Gottlob Frege: that the axioms of arithmetic can be logically derived from a single principle. Heck uses Frege's theorem to explore historical, philosophical and technical issues in the philosophy of mathematics and logic."	Richard G Heck	B3245.F154H43 2011"Willing, wanting, waiting  "	"Richard Holton provides a unified account of the will, pulling together a diverse range of phenomena that have typically been treated separately: intention, resolution, choice, weakness and strength of will, temptation, addiction, and freedom of the will. Drawing on recent psychological research, he argues that rather than being the pinnacle of rationality, these components work to compensate for our inability to make and maintain sound judgments.--Jacket."	Richard Holton	BJ1461.H563 2009Domain of perfect affection  	"Robin Becker explores the conditions under which we experience and resist pleasure: in beauty salon, summer camp, beach, backyard or museum; New York, or New Mexico. These poems offer sharp pleasures as they argue, elegize, mourn, praise, and sing--Publisher's website."	Robin Becker	PS3552.E257D66 2006The elder Seneca declamations. 	"Roman secondary education aimed principally at training future lawyers and politicians. Under the late Republic and the Empire, the main instrument was an import from Greece -- declamation, the making of practice-speeches on imaginary subjects. There were two types of such speeches: controversiae on law-court themes, suasoriae on delibertaive topics. On both types a prime source of our knowledge is the work of Lucius Annaeus Seneca, a Spaniard from Cordoba, father of the distinguished philosopher and stylist. Towards the end of his long life (?55 B.C. -? A.D. 40) he collected together under the title (it would seem) Oratorum et rhetorum sententiae, divisiones, colores, ten books devoted to controversiae (some only preserved in excerpt) and at least one (surviving) to suasoriae. These books contained his memories of the famous rhetorical teachers and practitioners of his day: their lines of argument, their methods of approach, their idiosyncracies, and above all their epigrams. The extracts from the disclaimers, though scrappy, throw invaluable light on the influences that coloured the styles of most pagan (and many Christian) writers of the Empire. Unity is provided by Seneca's own contribution, the lively prefaces, engaging anecdote about speakers, writers and politicians, the brisk criticism of declamatory excess."	Lucius Annaeus Seneca	PA6156.S4O7 1974Roman sports and spectacles : a sourcebook 	"Roman Sports and Spectacles: A Sourcebook contains numerous translations from the Latin, including famous authors, such as Cicero, Seneca, Tertullian and Augustine, and the not so famous, including graffiti, advertisements and tombstones to paint a world view of what sports Romans played and what they thought of them. The world of Roman sports was similar in many ways to our own, but there were significant differences. For one thing Roman sports centered during religious festivals and the participants were most often slaves. Roman sports were not team sports, but individual competitions. And sports like chariot racing and gladiatorial competitions were very dangerous. Each document includes an introduction to the source material."	Anne Mahoney	GV31.M34 2001Imperfect birds  	"Rosie Ferguson is seventeen and ready to enjoy the summer before her senior year of high school. But as the school year draws to a close, there are disturbing signs that the life Rosie claims to be leading is a sham, and that Elizabeth's hopes for her daughter to remain immune from the pull of the darker impulses of drugs and alcohol are dashed. Now, Elizabeth is forced to confront the fact that Rosie has been lying to her, and that her deceptions will have profound consequences."	Anne Lamott	PS3562.A4645I67 2010DMZ. 	"Roth reluctantly lands an interview for Liberty News with an enlisted U.S. soldier who's found guilty of a massacre within the DMZ. What follows is a look at how the DMZ came to be, from the perspective of a kid who came from the Midwest and walked right into a nightmare."	Brian Wood	PN6727.W59D558 2008Russia on the eve of modernity : popular religion and traditional culture under the last tsars 	"Russia on the Eve of Modernity is a pioneering exploration of a world that has been largely destroyed by revolutionary upheavals and obscured in historical memory by scholarly focus on elites. Drawing on traditional religious texts, ethnographic materials, and contemporary accounts, this book brings to light the ideas and perceptions of the ordinary Russian people of the towns and countryside who continued to live in a pre-modern, non-Western culture that showed great resilience to the very end of the Romanov Empire. Leonid Heretz offers an overview of traditional Russian understandings of the world and its workings, and shows popular responses to events from the assassination of Alexander II to the First World War. This history of ordinary Russians illuminates key themes ranging from peasant monarchism to apocalyptic responses to intrusions from the modern world and will appeal to scholars of Russian history and the history of religion in modern Europe.--Jacket."	Leonid Heretz	DK247.H44 2008The Black sleuth  	"Sadipe Okukenu investigates the theft a of a flawless diamond. Originally written around 1907, the story attacks racial prejudice and injustice in the United States and elsewhere."	John Edward Bruce	PS3503.R876B48 2002Proceed and be bold : Rural Studio after Samuel Mockbee 	"Samuel Mockbee launched the Rural Studio in 1992 to create homes and community buildings for poor people while offering hands-on education stressing community service. Since his death in 2001, the Rural Studio has continued to thrive. With text by Andrew Oppenheimer Dean and photographs by Timothy Hursley, this new book explains the changes the studio has undergone during the last four years and promotes its continuing ability to proceed and be bold as Mockbee counseled.--Jacket."	Andrea Oppenheimer Dean	NA2300.A9D427 2005The spectacular past : popular history and the novel in nineteenth-century France 	"Samuels shows how new technologies allowed a cult of the spectacle to pervade the national consciousness of post-Revolutionary France, & argues that the realist fiction of Balzac & Stendhal was a reaction to the spectacular mode of historical representation."	Maurice Samuels	PQ653.S23 2004Sappho : a new translation of the complete works 	"Sappho, the earliest and most famous Greek woman poet, sang her songs around 600 BCE on the island of Lesbos. Of the little that survives from the approximately nine papyrus scrolls collected in antiquity, all is translated here: substantial poems, fragments, single words - and, notably, two new poems that came to light in 2014. Also included are two more small fragments from this latest discovery in 2004. Yet the power of Sappho's poetry - her direc style, rich imagery, and passion - is apparent even in these remnants. Diane Rayor's translations of Greek poetry are graceful and poetic, modern in diction yet faithful to the originals. The full range of Sappho's voice is heard in these poems about desire, friendship, rivalry, family, and passion for the light of life. In the introduction, scholar Andre_ Lardinois presents plausible reconstructions of Sappho's life and work, the importance of the recent discovery in understanding the performance of her songs, and the story of how these fragments survived. -- dust jacket."	 Sappho	PA4408.E5R39 2014Ziz_ek : a critical introduction 	"Sarah Kay's book provides a lucid and comprehensive introduction to Zizek's work. His writings to date are presented and evaluated here for the first time, together with an outline of their development and explanations of his key premises, themes and terms. This book will be essential reading for students of cultural studies, literary studies, philosophy and social and political theory.--Jacket."	Sarah Kay	B4870.Z594K39 2003The Cambridge introduction to scenography  	"Scenography - the manipulation and orchestration of the performance environment - is an increasingly popular and key area in performance studies. This book introduces the reader to the purpose, identity and scope of scenography and its theories and concepts. Settings and structures, light, projected images, sound, costumes and props are considered in relation to performing bodies, text, space and the role of the audience.--[book cover].;An comprehensive introduction for students to the purpose and scope of scenography, its theories and concepts, this book outlines the pioneers of the field and its future potential."	Joslin McKinney	PN2091.S8M35 2009Callimachus in context : from Plato to the Augustan poets 	"Scholarly reception has bequeathed two Callimachuses: the Roman version is a poet of elegant non-heroic poetry (usually erotic elegy), represented by a handful of intertexts with a recurring set of images - slender Muse, instructing divinity, small voice, pure waters; the Greek version emphasizes a learned scholar who includes literary criticism within his poetry, an encomiast of the Ptolemies, a poet of the book whose narratives are often understood as metapoetic. This study does not dismiss these Callimachuses, but situates them within a series of interlocking historical and intellectual contexts in order better to understand how they arose. In this narrative of his poetics and poetic reception four main sources of creative opportunism are identified: Callimachus' reactions to philosophers and literary critics as arbiters of poetic authority, the potential of the text as a venue for performance, awareness of Alexandria as a new place, and finally, his attraction for Roman poets--Provided by publisher."	Benjamin Acosta-Hughes	PA3945.Z5A35 2011The particle at the end of the universe : how the hunt for the Higgs boson leads us to the edge of a new world 	"Scientists have just announced an historic discovery on a par with the splitting of the atom: the Higgs boson, the key to understanding why mass exists, has been found. Carroll takes readers behind the scenes of the Large Hadron Collider at CERN to meet the scientists and explain this landmark event. We only discovered the electron just over a hundred years ago and considering where that took us-- from nuclear energy to quantum computing-- the inventions that will result from the Higgs discovery will be world-changing."	Sean M Carroll	QC793.5.B62C37 2012Mapping Irish theatre : theories of space and place 	"Seamus Heaney once described the 'sense of place' generated by the early Abbey theatre as the 'imaginative protein' of later Irish writing. Drawing on theorists of space such as Henri Lefebvre and Yi-Fu Tuan, Mapping Irish Theatre argues that theatre is 'a machine for making place from space'. Concentrating on Irish theatre, the book investigates how this Irish 'sense of place' was both produced by, and produced, the remarkable work of the Irish Revival, before considering what happens when this spatial formation begins to fade. Exploring more recent site-specific and place-specific theatre alongside canonical works of Irish theatre by playwrights including J.M. Synge, Samuel Beckett and Brian Friel, the study proposes an original theory of theatrical space and theatrical identification, whose application extends beyond Irish theatre, and will be useful for all theatre scholars--Provided by publisher."	Chris Morash	PN2601.M645 2013Sweeney astray : a version from the Irish 	Seamus Heaney's version of the medieval Irish work Buile Suibne. Mad Sweeney undergoes a series of purgatorial adventures after he is cursed by a saint and turned into a bird at the Battle of Moira.	Seamus Heaney	PR6058.E2S9 1984A religious orgy in Tennessee : a reporter's account of the Scopes monkey trial 	"Searing dispatches from the first confrontation between American fundamentalism and science that so galvanized the nationi they inspired the hit play and movie Inherit the Wind. With the rise of intelligent design, H.L. Mencken's legendary coverage of the Scopes Monkey Trial - collected here for the first time as a single volume - has never seemed more timely ... or timeless. -- Book Cover."	H L Mencken	KF224.S3M46 2006Secularizing Islamists? : Jama'at-e-Islami and Jama'at-ud-Da'wa in urban Pakistan 	"Secularizing Islamists? provides an in-depth analysis of two Islamist parties in Pakistan, the highly influential Jama_at-i Islami and the more militant Jama_at-ud-Da_wa, widely blamed for the November 2008 terrorist attack in Mumbai, India. Basing her findings on thirteen months of ethnographic work with the two parties in Lahore, Humeira Iqtidar proposes that these Islamists are involuntarily facilitating secularization within Muslim societies, even as they vehemently oppose secularism ... --jacket."	Humeira Iqtidar	BP190.5.S35I67 2011Seduction of the Minotaur  	"Seduction of the Minotaur is the fifth and final volume of Anai_s Nin's continuous novel known as Cities of the Interior. First published by Swallow Press in 1961, the story follows the travels of the protagonist Lillian through the tropics to a Mexican city loosely based on Acapulco, which Nin herself visited in 1947 and described in the fifth volume of her Diary. As Lillian seeks the warmth and sensuality of this lush and intriguing city, she travels inward as well, learning that to free herself she must free the monster that has been confined in a labyrinth of her subconscious. This new Swallow Press edition includes an introduction by Anita Jarczok--Provided by publisher."	Anai_s Nin	PS3527.I865S4 2014Faraday's Experimental researches in electricity : guide to a first reading 	"Selections from Michael Faraday's Experimental researches in electricity, edited, with an introduction to each section, notes and a bibliography by Howard J. Fisher. Faraday's work was originally published between 1821 and 1855."	Michael Faraday	QC503.F23 2001Sense and sensibility : an annotated edition 	"Sense and Sensibility (1811) marked the auspicious debut of a novelist identified only as A Lady. Jane Austen's name has since become as familiar as Shakespeare's, and her tale of two sisters has lost none of its power to delight. Patricia Meyer Spacks guides readers to a deeper appreciation of the richness of Austen's delineation of her heroines, Elinor and Marianne Dashwood, as they experience love, romance, and heartbreak. On display again in the editor's running commentary are the wit and light touch that delighted readers of Spacks's Pride and Prejudice: An Annotated Edition. In her notes, Spacks elucidates language and allusions that have become obscure (What are Nabobs? When is rent day?), draws comparisons to Austen's other work and to that of her precursors, and gives an idea of how other critics have seen the novel. In her introduction and annotations, she explores Austen's sympathy with both Elinor and Marianne, the degree to which the sisters share sense and sensibility, and how they must learn from each other. Both manage to achieve security and a degree of happiness by the novel's end. Austen's romance, however, reveals darker overtones, and Spacks does not leave unexamined the issue of the social and psychological restrictions of women in Austen's era.--Publisher's description."	Jane Austen	PR4034.S4 2013Shakespeare and biography  	"Shakespeare and biography is not a new biography of Shakespeare, but a study of what biographers have said about Shakespeare--from the first formal biography in the early 18th century by Nicholas Rowe, to others who have written recent biographical accounts. The emphasis is on what sorts of issues these biographers have found especially interesting, how contemplation of these issues has changed and grown, and the ways those changes reflect new cultural developments in our world as it continues to reinterpret Shakespeare."	David M Bevington	PR2894.B48 2010Graph algorithms  	"Shimon Even's Graph Algorithms, published in 1979, was a seminal introductory book on algorithms read by everyone engaged in the field. This thoroughly revised second edition, with a foreword by Richard M. Karp and notes by Andrew V. Goldberg, continues the exceptional presentation from the first edition and explains algorithms in a formal but simple language with a direct and intuitive presentation. The book begins by covering basic material, including graphs and shortest paths, trees, depth-first-search, and breadth-first search. The main part of the book is devoted to network flows and applications of network flows, and it ends with chapters on planar graphs and testing graph planarity--Provided by publisher."	Shimon Even	QA166.E93 2012From Pompeii : the afterlife of a Roman town 	"Shows how the destruction of Pompeii inspired artists, authors and composers for centuries afterward."	Ingrid D Rowland	DG70.P7R78 2014The Roman Hannibal : remembering the enemy in Silius Italicus' Punica 	"Silius Italicus' 'Punica', the longest surviving epic in Latin literature, has seen a resurgence of interest among scholars in recent years. A celebration of Rome's triumph over Hannibal and Carthage during the Second Punic War, Silius' poem presents a plethora of familiar names to its readers: Fabius Maximus, Claudius Marcellus, Scipio Africanus, and, of course, Rome's ultimate enemy - Hannibal. Where most recent scholariship on the 'Punica' has focused its attention on the problematic portrayal of Scipio Africanus as a hero for Rome, this book shifts the focus to Carthage and offers a new reading of Hannibal's place in Silius' epic, and in Rome's literary culture at large. Celebrated and demonished in equal measure, Hannibal became something of an anti-hero for Rome: a man who acquired mythic status and was condemned by Rome's authors for his supposed greed and cruelty, yet admired for his military acumen. 'The Roman Hannibal' provides, for the first time, a comprehensive overview of this multi-faceted Hannibal as he appears in the 'Punica' and suggests that Silius' portrayal of him can be read as the culmination of Rome's centuries-long engagement with the Carthaginian in its literature. Through detailed consideration of internal focalisation, Silius' Hannibal is revealed to be a man striving to create an eternal legacy, becoming the Hannibal whom a Roman, and a modern reader, would recognise. The works of Polybius, Livy, Virgil, and the post-Virgilian epicists all have a bit-part in this book, which aims to show that Silius Italicus' 'Punica' is as much an example of how Rome remembered its past as it is a text striving to join Rome's epic canon. -- Publisher's decription."	Claire Stocks	DG249.S76 2014Bangladesh and Pakistan : flirting with failure in South Asia 	"Since 1971, Pakistan has evolved into a praetorian state plagued by army interventions and corrupt civilian governments. Nevertheless, the tunnel-vision of General Musharraf triggered a political implosion in 2007, and widespread dismay over the assassination of Benazir Bhutto has led Pakistanis to vote overwhelmingly for unfettered civilian rule and the diminishment of religious parties. In contrast, the Bangladesh Army seems intent on returning control to civilians, having remained averse to power for the past seventeen years. Furthermore, Bangladeshi society isn't nearly as Islamicized as Pakistan's, though jihadi groups stand ready to exploit the government's weaknesses. Milam takes a hard look at the political and religious realities of both countries, especially the al-Qaeda-linked jihadi networks that threaten to permanently turn Pakistan into an ideological state. He also considers Islam's undeniable influence on the culture of both societies, and, in turn, the influence of these cultures on the tone and expression of Islam.--Jacket."	William B Milam	DS384.M38 2009Safe space : gay neighborhood history and the politics of violence 	"Since the 1970s, a key goal of lesbian and gay activists has been protection against street violence, especially in gay neighborhoods. During the same time, policymakers and private developers declared the containment of urban violence to be a top priority. In this important book, Christina B. Hanhardt examines how LGBT calls for safe space have been shaped by broader public safety initiatives that have sought solutions in policing and privatization and have had devastating effects along race and class lines. Drawing on extensive archival and ethnographic research in New York City and San Francisco, Hanhardt traces the entwined histories of LGBT activism, urban development, and U.S. policy in relation to poverty and crime over the past fifty years. She highlights the formation of a mainstream LGBT movement, as well as the very different trajectories followed by radical LGBT and queer grassroots organizations. Placing LGBT activism in the context of shifting liberal and neoliberal policies, Safe Space is a groundbreaking exploration of the contradictory legacies of the LGBT struggle for safety in the city.--Publisher's description."	Christina B Hanhardt	HQ76.8.U5H37 2013The new black  	"Smart, grounded, and lyrical, Evie Shockley's the new black integrates powerful ideas about blackness, past and present, through the medium of beautifully crafted verse. the new black sees our racial past inevitably shaping our contemporary moment, but struggles to remember and reckon with the impact of generational shifts: what seemed impossible to people not many years ago for example, the election of an African American president will have always been a part of the world of children born in the new millennium. All of the poems here, whether sonnet, mesostic, or deconstructed blues, exhibit a formal flair. They speak to the changes we have experienced as a society in the last few decades changes that often challenge our past strategies for resisting racism and, for African Americans, ways of relating to one another. The poems embrace a formal ambiguity that echoes the uncertainty these shifts produce, while reveling in language play that enables readers to laugh to keep from crying. They move through nostalgia, even as they insist on being alive to the present and point longingly towards possible futures."	Evie Shockley	PS3619.H63N49 2011Sociability and its enemies : German political theory after 1945 	"Sociability and Its Enemies contributes both to contemporary studies of political theory and to discourse on postwar Germany by reconstructing the arguments concerning the nature and value of sociability as a form of interaction and interconnection particular to modern bourgeois society. Jakob Norberg argues that the writings of Hannah Arendt, Ju_rgen Habermas, Carl Schmitt, and the historian Reinhart Koselleck present conflicting responses to a hitherto neglected question or point of contention: whether bourgeois sociability should serve as a therapeutic practice and politically relevant ideal for postwar Germany. The book sheds light on previously neglected historical and conceptual connections among political theorists, and it enriches established narratives of postwar intellectual history.--Publisher's description."	Jakob Norberg	JA84.G3N67 2014"Psychology and economic injustice : personal, professional, and political intersections "	"Social class is a powerful contributor to physical, social, and mental well-being. Psychology and Economic Injustice: Personal, Professional, and Political Intersections, which is part of a series on critical social issues addressed by psychologists empirically, politically, and in clinical practice, blends the personal experiences of feminist psychologists with empirical data. It argues persuasively for examining the relationship between economic disparity and gender, and for the need to propose and support policies to ensure positive social change..;Authors Bernice Lott and Heather E. Bullock present narratives of their experiences as psychologists who grew up in working class and low-income families. They trace the relationship between their own development as feminist psychologists and their concern with social and economic justice. Drawing from diverse sources, they present data on social class and poverty, and tie these to social psychology and feminist perspectives. Empirical literature is described to illustrate the injustices faced by families in what is described as similar to racism in America - classism. The volume ends with recommendations for policy, education, further research, and citizen advocacy, while moving from psychology to state and federal issues.;Researchers and practitioners in psychology, sociology, social work, or education, with an interest in social problems, gender issues, and multiculturalism, will find this to be a noteworthy contribution to the field.--BOOK JACKET."	Bernice E Lott	HT609.L67 2007"Idolatry and infinity of art, math, and God  "	"Some unwritten stories only exist in fragments. In this book, for the first time, the histories of the injunction against idolatry and the dread of infinity are uniquely woven into one. The spectre of idolatry has haunted the three Western religions since the biblical prohibition. The story of iconoclasm runs from ancient times, where Jews largely ignored the ban on images, through the iconoclastic episodes in Islam and Christianity, and into modern times during the French Revolution. A perhaps surprising thesis of this book is that a conceptual and secular form of iconoclasm continued as the revulsion of illusionism in Modern Art. More recently it flared-up in the dynamiting of two large statues of the Buddha by the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2001. The phobia of infinity arose from Pythagoras's discovery of irrational numbers and it runs through Zeno's paradoxes and Aristotle's philosophy, with only rare cases of defiance, such as Archimedes searching for pi. The angst over infinity continued through the Middle Ages with the theological encounter of an infinite God, as in the writings of Thomas Aquinas, only to be confronted in the Renaissance philosophy of Cusa. At the same time, infinity arose unexpectedly in visual art with the discovery of linear perspective where God was identified with the vanishing point. In the 17th and 18th centuries infinity further emerged not only in the very, very large (the cosmos itself), but in the very, very small (within calculus). This paved the way in the 19th and 20th centuries for the idea of different orders of infinity codified by Georg Cantor, where the concept mingled again with theology. Math and science buffs familiar with some aspects of infinity may first learn of its link with art, as well as a long association with theology - right up to the present. With lucid visual aids for the uninitiated, this book may likewise grant the Art lover access into a previously uncharted territory - a math venture to stretch the mind. - publisher description."	David R Topper	N8217.I26T66 2014Avant-Garde theatre sound : staging sonic modernity 	"Sound experimentation by avant-garde theatre artists of the late-nineteenth and early-twentieth centuries is an important but largely ignored aspect of theatre history. In this book, Curtin shows how attention to this activity enhances our understanding of artistic practice (modernism) and historical circumstance (modernity) and considers how avant-gardists staged sonic modernity by exploring its conceptual and communicative possibilities as well as its experiential realities. He critically examines avant-garde theatre through a composite analysis of dramatic texts, historical productions, sound recordings, philosophical speculations, and social movements."	Adrian Curtin	PN2091.S6C87 2014The politics of Spain  	"Spain's evolution from authoritarian dictatorship to modern democracy was a remarkable achievement, and it created a model that has since been emulated by other countries. This textbook examines the causes and conditions that explain modern Spain's political development, and analyses the basic characteristics of Spanish democracy today."	Richard Gunther	JN8221.G86 2009Spectres of 1919 : class and nation in the making of the new Negro 	"Spectres of 1919 analyzes how the highly politicized New Negro movement gave way to the culturalism of the Harlem Renaissance, as African American political and literary movements attempted to navigate between U.S. (or bad) nationalism and self-determinationist (or good) nationalism. With the New Negro movement and the Harlem Renaissance, the 1920s were a landmark decade in African American political and cultural history, characterized by an upsurge in racial awareness, artistic creativity, and anticapitalist radicalism. In Spectres of 1919 Barbara Foley examines the turbulent year 1919, viewing it as the political crucible in which the radicalism of the 1920s was forged. World War I and the Russian Revolution profoundly reshaped the American social landscape, with progressive reforms first halted and then reversed in the name of anti-Bolshevism. Dissent was stifled as labor activists and minority groups came under intense attack, culminating in the racist and antiradical violence of the Red Summer of 1919. Foley shows that African Americans had a significant relationship with the organized Left and that the New Negro movement's radical politics of race was also the politics of class.--Jacket."	Barbara Foley	E185.6.F65 2003The papers of John Marshall  	Sponsored by the College of William and Mary and the Institute of Early American History and Culture under the auspices of the National Historical Publications Commission.	John Marshall	E302.M365American Christianity : the continuing revolution 	"Stephen Cox argues that American Christianity is a revolution that is always happening, and always needs to happen. The old-time religion always has to be made new, and that is what Americans have been doing throughout their history. --from publisher description."	Stephen D Cox	BR515.C69 2014"The hedgehog, the fox, and the magister's pox : mending the gap between science and the humanities "	"Stephen Jay Gould offers a surprising and nuanced study of the complex relationship between our two great ways of knowing: science and the humanities, twin realms of knowledge that have been divided against each other for far too long. To establish his two protagonists, Gould draws from a seventh century b.c. proverb attributed to the Greek soldier-poet Archilochus that said roughly, The fox devises many strategies; the hedgehog knows one great and effective strategy. While emphatically rejecting any simplistic attempt to assign either science or the humanities to one or the other of these approaches to knowledge, Gould uses this ancient concept to demonstrate that neither strategy can work alone, but that these seeming opposites can be conjoined into a common enterprise of tremendous unity and power. In building his case, Gould shows why the common assumption of an inescapable conflict between science and the humanities (in which he includes religion) is false, mounts a spirited rebuttal to the ideas that his intellectual rival E.O. Wilson set forth in his book Consilience, and explains why the pursuit of knowledge must always operate upon the bedrock of nature's randomness. The hedgehog, the fox, and the magister's pox is a controversial discourse, rich with facts and observations gathered by one of the most erudite minds of our time."	Stephen Jay Gould	Q175.55.G68 2003Out of the woods : stories 	"Stories about working-class people. In Two-Eleven All Around, a man is locked out for the night by his wife, while in Tough People, a woman enters a boxing contest to raise money for her man."	Chris Offutt	PS3565.F387O98 2000Prayer chain  	"Strange things are happening in the small town of Cedar Creek. A patient barely escapes having the wrong surgery performed, happily married couples split up, unusual illnesses strike, and through it all the weather is terrible, even by the standards of the Oregon Cascades. Nancy McKay owns a cafe_ in the town, and through conversations with her customers, she starts to put the pieces of the puzzle together. She discovers that-in a game of real-life telephone-the prayer requests are becoming garbled as they pass from one person to the next, and the people at the end of the chain are praying for the wrong things. Nancy's investigation turns from mere curiosity to horror as her own family is pulled into the nightmare. Her search for answers becomes a desperate race to break the prayer chain. And the answer to the most troubling question-how could God allow bad things to happen as a result of prayer?-leads to an unexpected answer that changes her life.--Publisher description."	Scott Lazenby	PS3562.A94P73 2011Stravinsky's piano : genesis of a musical language 	"Stravinsky's re-invention in the early 1920s, as both neoclassical composer and concert-pianist, is here placed at the centre of a fundamental re-consideration of his whole output - viewed from the unprecedented perspective of his relationship with the piano. Graham Griffiths assesses Stravinsky's musical upbringing in St Petersburg with emphasis on his education at the hands of two extraordinary teachers whom he later either ignored or denounced: Leokadiya, for piano, and Rimsky-Korsakov, for instrumentation. Their message, Griffiths argues, enabled Stravinsky to formulate from that intensely Russian experience an internationalist brand of neoclassicism founded upon the premises of objectivity and craft. Drawing directly on the composer's manuscripts, Griffiths addresses Stravinsky's life-long fascination with counterpoint and with pianism's constructive processes. Stravinsky's Piano presents both of these as recurring features of the compositional attitudes that Stravinsky consistently applied to his works, whether Russian, neoclassical or serial, and regardless of idiom and genre.--Jacket."	Graham Griffiths	ML410.S932G73 2013Climate wars : why people will be killed in the twenty-first century 	"Struggles over drinking water, new outbreaks of mass violence, ethnic cleansing, civil wars in the earth's poorest countries, endless flows of refugees: these are the new conflicts and forces shaping the world of the 21st century. They no longer hinge on ideological rivalries between great powers but rather on issues of class, religion, and resources. The genocides of the last century have taught us how quickly social problems can spill over into radical and deadly solutions. Rich countries are already developing strategies to garner resources and keep climate refugees at bay. In this major new book Harald Welzer shows how climate change and violence go hand in hand. Climate change has far-reaching consequences for the living conditions of peoples around the world: inhabitable spaces shrink, scarce resources become scarcer, injustices grow deeper, not only between North and South but also between generations, storing up material for new social tensions and giving rise to violent conflicts, civil wars, and massive refugee flows. Climate change poses major new challenges in terms of security, responsibility and justice, but as Welzer makes disturbingly clear, very little is being done to confront them."	Harald Welzer	QC903.W4513 2012"Revolutionary pamphlets, propaganda and political culture in colonial Bengal  "	Studies the pamphlet propaganda that was disseminated by the revolutionary terrorists in early twentieth century Bengal as a means of mobilizing support for the revolutionary movement through which they hoped to overthrow the colonial state--Provided by publisher.	Shukla Sanyal	DS485.B49S289 2014Epic arts in Renaissance France  	"Studies the relationship between epic literature and other art forms (painting, sculpture, architecture) in the French Renaissance, exploring the paradox that the heroes and themes in the art of the period are widely celebrated while the literary epics are largely unread.--Source other than Library of Congress."	Phillip John Usher	PN53.U84 2014Cinematic modernism : modernist poetry and film 	"Susan McCabe juxtaposes the work of four American modernist poets with the techniques and themes of early twentieth-century avant-garde films. The historical experience of the First World War and its aftermath of broken and shocked bodies shaped a preoccupation with fragmentation in both film and literature. Film, montage, and camera work provided poets with a vocabulary through which to explore and refashion modern physical and metaphoric categories of the body, including the hysteric, automaton, bisexual, and femme fatale. This study explores the impact of new cinematic modes of representation on the poetry of Gertrude Stein, William Carlos Williams, H.D., and Marianne Moore. Cinematic Modernism links the study of literary forms with film studies, visual culture, gender studies, and psychoanalysis to expand the usual parameters of literary modernism.--Jacket."	Susan McCabe	PS310.M65M37 2004"The economics of inequality, discrimination, poverty, and mobility  "	"Synopsis: Thoroughly classroom tested, this introductory text provides a balanced, up-to-date, non-mathematical examination of the economic theory underlying the analysis of inequality, poverty, mobility, and income distribution in the United States."	Robert S Rycroft	HC110.I5R895 2009Syntax : a minimalist introduction 	"Syntax : a minimalist introduction. This textbook provides a concise, readable introduction to contemporary work in syntactic theory, particularly to key concepts of Chomsky's minimalist programme. Andrew Radford gives a general overview of the main theoretical concepts and descriptive devices used in 1990s work. The discussion is largely based on data from a range of varieties of English (not only Modern Standard, but also Belfast English, Shakespearean English, Jamaican Creole, etc.) and does not presuppose any prior knowledge of syntax. There are exercises and a substantial glossary. This is an abridged version of Radford's major new textbook Syntactic Theory and the Structure of English: A Minimalist Approach (published simultaneously by Cambridge University Press), and will be welcomed as a short introduction to current syntactic theory."	Andrew Radford	P291.R36 1997The Third Reich in the ivory tower : complicity and conflict on American campuses 	Systematic exploration of the nature and extent of sympathy for Nazi Germany at American universities during the 1930s. --from publisher description.	Stephen H Norwood	LA227.1.N67 2009T.S. Eliot and early modern literature  	"T.S. Eliot and Early Modern Literature, for the first time, considers the full imaginative and moral engagement of one of the most influential poets of the twentieth century, T.S. Eliot, with the Early Modern period of literature in English (1580-1630). This engagement haunted Eliot's poetry and critical writing across his career, and would have a profound impact on subsequent poetry across the world, as well as upon academic literary criticism, and wider cultural perceptions. To this end, the book elucidates and contextualizes several facets of Eliot's thinking and its impact: through establishment of his original and eclectic understanding of the Early Modern period in relation to the literary and critical source materials available to him; through consideration of uncollected and archival materials, which suggest a need to reassess established readings of the poet's career; and through attention to Eliot's resonant formulations about the period in consequent literary, critical and artistic arenas. To the end of his life, Eliot had to fend off the presumption that he had, in some way, 'invented' the Early Modern period for the modern age. Yet the presumption holds some force - it is famously and influentially an implication running through Eliot's essays on that earlier period, and through his many references to its writings in his poetry, that the Early Modern period formed the most exact historical analogy for the apocalyptic events (and consequent social, cultural and literary turmoil) of the first half of the twentieth-century. T.S. Eliot and Early Modern Literature gives a comprehensive sense of the vital engagement of this self-consciously modern poet with the earlier period he always declared to be his favourite.--Publisher's website."	Steven Matthews	PS3509.L43Z7365 2013"Christology : a biblical, historical, and systematic study of Jesus "	"Tackling the key theological questions at the heart of the Christian faith, O'Collins draws on developments in recent scholarship to fully update this accessible guide to systematic Christology."	Gerald O'Collins	BT203.O25 2009Worshipping the myths of World War II : reflections on America's dedication to war 	"Taking a critical look at America's dedication to war as panacea and as Washington's primary method for leading the world, this book reflects on such topics as the killing of innocents, how actual killing is usually ignored in war discussions and reporting, the lifetime impact of frontline duty, and more."	Edward W Wood	D769.1.W66 2006"Jacksonian antislavery & the politics of free soil, 1824-1854  "	"Taking our understanding of political antislavery into largely unexplored terrain, Jonathan E. Earle counters conventional wisdom and standard historical interpretations that view the ascendance of free-soil ideas within the antislavery movement as an explicit retreat from the goals of emancipation."	Jonathan Halperin Earle	E449.E17 2004Our story begins : new and selected stories 	"Ten potent new stories that, along with twenty-one classics, display Wolff's mastery over a quarter century."	Tobias Wolff	PS3573.O558O97 2008England in the 1670s : this masquerading age 	"The 1670s were the heyday of Restoration England - a period of experimentation, politicization and strife. For those new to the period this book contains the full story of politics, war and religion, as well as a clear account of the popish plot and exclusion crises. More than this, however, it is indispensable for anyone who wants to fully understand Restoration history, literature or society. Drawing on maps, sermons, diaries, tracts, news and a range of literary sources to explore subjects as diverse as prostitution, piety, wit, cartography, commerce, heroism and the 'talk of the town', England in the 1670s paints a revealing and vibrant portrait of a society grappling with change.--Jacket."	John Spurr	DA445.S68 2000"Jean Toomer : Race, Repression, and Revolution "	"The 1923 publication of Cane established Jean Toomer as a modernist master and one of the key literary figures of the emerging Harlem Renaissance. Though critics and biographers alike have praised his artistic experimentation and unflinching eyewitness portraits of Jim Crow violence, few seem to recognize how much Toomer's interest in class struggle, catalyzed by the Russian Revolution and the post-World War One radical upsurge, situate his masterwork in its immediate historical context. In Jean Toomer: Race, Repression, and Revolution, Barbara Foley explores Toomer's political and intellectual connections with socialism, the New Negro movement, and the project of Young America. Examining his rarely scrutinized early creative and journalistic writings, as well as unpublished versions of his autobiography, she recreates the complex and contradictory consciousness that produced Cane. Foley's discussion of political repression runs parallel with a portrait of repression on a personal level. Examining family secrets heretofore unexplored in Toomer scholarship, she traces their sporadic surfacing in Cane. Toomer's text, she argues, exhibits a political unconscious that is at once public and private.--Provided by publisher.;With the publication of Cane in 1923 Jean Toomer emerged one of the most widely read, and now one of the most widely studied, authors of the Harlem Renaissance. Honored as a bold literary experimenter and as an eyewitness reporter of the abuses and outrages of Jim Crow Georgia, Toomer himself wished to evade being considered an African American writer and instead sought appreciation as a poet and idealist. While those qualities of his work have attracted significant critical attention, and his biography has been explored to illuminate them, his interest in class struggle and revolution have been eclipsed. In a series of articles that culminate in this book, Barbara Foley brings those aspects back into the light and into close focus, showing how often and how deeply he thought about them and how fierce and enduring they were. Without making the error of ignoring Toomer's artistic accomplishments, Foley shows how much history surrounds and informs Toomer's work, especially in Cane. In his journals from the time when he was writing Cane, Toomer wrote, It is a symptom of weakness when one must bring God, equality, liberty, and justice to one's support. It follows that the working classes, particularly the dark-skinned among the working classes, are still weak. ... If the Negro, consolidated on race rather than class interests, ever become strong enough to demand the exercise of Power, a race war will occur in America. This book examines Toomer's sense of equality, liberty, and justice, of nation, the South, and America, to reveal elements in his writings that ignite them--Provided by publisher."	Barbara Foley	PS3539.O478Z636 2014Making waves : new cinemas of the 1960s 	"The 1960s was famously the decade of sex, drugs and rock'n'roll. It was also a decade of revolution and counter-revolution, of the Cuban missile crisis, of the American intervention in Vietnam, of economic booms and the beginning of consumerism (and the rebellion against it). It was a decade in which the avantgarde came out of the closet and into the street, expressing itself on album covers and posters as much as in galleries. And it was a decade in which the old popular art -- crooners and show bands, Hollywood musicals and melodramas -- seemed destined to be swept away by the tide of novelty emerging across the world. The cinema was central to this atmosphere of cultural ferment. Hollywood was in decline, both artistically and commercially. The genres which had held audiences captive in the 1940s and 50s -- musicals, Westerns, melodramas -- were losing their appeal and their great practitioners were approaching retirement. The scene was therefore set for new cinemas to emerge to attract the young, the discriminating, the politically conscious and the sexually emancipated. The innovative features of the new cinemas were not the same everywhere. Common to most of them, however, were a political and aesthetic radicalism and a break with the traditions of studio filmmaking and its cult of perfect illusion. Making Waves is a sharp, focused, and brilliant survey of the innovative filmmaking of the 1960s, placing it in its political, economic, cultural and aesthetic context - capturing the distinctiveness of a decade which was great for the cinema and for the world at large. Geoffrey Nowell-Smith pays particular attention to a handful of the most remarkable talents (Godard, Antonioni, Bunuel) that emerged during the period and helped to make it so special.--Publisher description."	Geoffrey Nowell-Smith	PN1993.5.I88N69 2008Dreams of a robot dancing bee : 44 stories 	"The 44 stories of Dreams of a Robot Dancing Bee--Long-awaited by fans of Tate's poetry-will come as a welcome surprise to readers unfamiliar with his previous work. Tate seems both awed and bemused by small town life, with its legends, flights of fancy, heightened emotions, tragedies and small ruptures in the fabric of ordinary existence."	James Tate	PS3570.A8D74 2002"Ancient Persia : a concise history of the Achaemenid Empire, 550-330 BCE "	"The Achaemenid Persian Empire, at its greatest territorial extent under Darius I (r. 522-486 BCE), held sway over territory stretching from the Indus River Valley to southeastern Europe and from the western Himalayas to northeast Africa. In this book, Matt Waters gives a detailed historical overview of the Achaemenid period while considering the manifold interpretive problems historians face in constructing and understanding its history. This book offers a Persian perspective even when relying on Greek textual sources and archaeological evidence. Waters situates the story of the Achaemenid Persians in the context of their predecessors in the mid-first millennium BCE and through their successors after the Macedonian conquest, constructing a compelling narrative of how the empire retained its vitality for more than two hundred years (c. 550-330 BCE) and left a massive imprint on Middle Eastern as well as Greek and European history.--Back cover."	Matthew W Waters	DS281.W38 2014At the edge of sight : photography and the unseen 	"The advent of photography revolutionized perception, making visible what was once impossible to see with the human eye. In At the Edge of Sight, Shawn Michelle Smith engages these dynamics of seeing and not seeing, focusing attention as much on absence as presence, on the invisible as the visible. Exploring the limits of photography and vision, she asks: What fails to register photographically, and what remains beyond the frame? What is hidden by design, and what is obscured by cultural blindness? Smith studies manifestations of photography's brush with the unseen in her own photographic work and across the wide-ranging images of early American photographers, including F. Holland Day, Eadweard Muybridge, Andrew J. Russell, Chansonetta Stanley Emmons, and Augustus Washington. She concludes by showing how concerns raised in the nineteenth century remain pertinent today in the photographs of Abu Ghraib. Ultimately, Smith explores the capacity of photography to reveal what remains beyond the edge of sight.--Page 4 of cover."	Shawn Michelle Smith	TR23.S626 2013The Africanist aesthetic in global hip-hop : power moves 	"'The Africanist Aesthetic in Global Hip Hop' explores how a vital, expressive culture, which began in a New York Black and Latino impoverished community, has become a global delineating sign of the new millennium."	Halifu Osumare	ML3918.R37O88 2007Developmental biology of flowering plants  	"The aim of this book is to present a sense of the accomplishments of the past and of the outstanding problems of the future in the study of plant development. An important feature of this book is the integration of results from molecular and genetic studies on various aspects of plant development in a cellular and physiological context. Of particular interest to readers will be the treatment of each landmark stage in the life cycle of plants such as seed germination, seedling growth, flowering, gametogenesis, pollen-pistil interactions, embryogenesis, fruit ripening, and seed and bud dormancy. The book also considers the development of individual plant organs such as the shoot, leaf, root, and flowers as well as alternate developmental strategies of plants. Emphasis is placed on new insights on the molecular and genetic biology of plant development obtained from model systems like Arabidopsis and maize. The book is intended as a text for courses in plant development for advanced undergraduate and graduate students in plant biology, botany, or agriculture. It will also be of interest to any biologist wishing to gain an understanding of current and future perspectives in the development of flowering plants.--Jacket."	V Raghavan	QK731.R26 2000The Sufi doctrine of man : S_adr al-D___n al-Q__naw__'s metaphysical anthropology 	"The Akhba_r__ School dominated the intellectual landscape of Im__m__ Shi_ism between the Seventeenth and early Nineteenth Centuries. Its principal doctrines involved a reliance on scripture (primarily the sayings or akhb__r of the Shi_ite Imams) and a rejection of the rational exegetical techniques which had become orthodox doctrine in Im__m__ theology and law. However, the Akhb__r__s were not simple literalists, as they are at times portrayed in secondary literature. They developed a complex theory of exegesis in which texts could be interpreted, whilst at the same time remaining doggedly committed to the ability of the revelatory texts to provide answers to theological and legal questions arising within the Sh_____ community. This book is the first in-depth study of the intellectual development and historical influence of the Akhb__r__ School."	Richard Todd	BP166.7.T63 2014Algorithms in real algebraic geometry  	"The algorithmic problems of real algebraic geometry such as real root counting, deciding the existence of solutions of systems of polynomial equations and inequalities, or deciding whether two points belong in the same connected component of a semi-algebraic set occur in many contexts. In this first-ever graduate textbook on the algorithmic aspects of real algebraic geometry, the main ideas and techniques presented form a coherent and rich body of knowledge, linked to many areas of mathematics and computing. Mathematicians already aware of real algebraic geometry will find relevant information about the algorithmic aspects, and researchers in computer science and engineering will find the required mathematical background.;Being self-contained the book is accessible to graduate students and even, for invaluable parts of it, to undergraduate students.--Jacket."	Saugata Basu	QA564.B38 2003Ethnic identity and aristocratic competition in Republican Rome  	"The ancient Romans are usually thought of as a monolithic ethnic group, though in fact they formed a self-consciously pluralistic society. In this book, Gary D. Farney explores how senators from Rome's Republican period celebrated and manipulated their ethnic identity to get ahead in Rome's political culture. He examines how politicians from various lands tried to advertise positive aspects of their ethnic identity, how others tried to re-create a negative identity into something positive, and how ethnic identity advertisement developed over the course of Republican history. Finally, in an epilogue, Farney addresses how the various Italic identities coalesced into a singular Italian identity in the Empire, and how Rome's experience with Italic groups informed how it perceived other groups, such as Gauls, Germans, and Greeks.--Jacket."	Gary D Farney	DG78.F37 2007The subject of virtue : an anthropology of ethics and freedom 	"The anthropology of ethics has become an important and fast-growing field in recent years. This book argues that it represents not just a new subfield within anthropology but a conceptual renewal of the discipline as a whole, enabling it to take account of a major dimension of human conduct which social theory has so far failed adequately to address. An ideal introduction for students and researchers in anthropology and related human sciences. [bullet] Shows how ethical concepts such as virtue, character, freedom and responsibility may be incorporated into anthropological analysis [bullet] Surveys the history of anthropology's engagement with morality [bullet] Examines the relevance for anthropology of two major philosophical approaches to moral life--Provided by publisher.;The anthropology of ethics has become an important and fast-growing field in recent years. This book argues that it represents not just a new subfield within anthropology but a conceptual renewal of the discipline as a whole, enabling it to take account of a major dimension of human conduct which social theory has so far failed adequately to address. An ideal introduction for students and researchers in anthropology and related human sciences--Provided by publisher."	James Laidlaw	GN33.6.L35 2014The earth dwellers : adventures in the land of ants 	The author alternates stories of individual ants with the research of two field biologists in Costa Rica.	Erich Hoyt	QL568.F7H66 1996A life in the twentieth century  	"The author considers events that occurred during his lifetime and that contributed to America's rise to world power status, as told through his personal experiences in childhood, in college, and during war times."	Arthur M Schlesinger	E175.5.S38A3 2000Generation ecstasy : into the world of techno and rave culture 	"The author explores the world of rave culture, all-night dance clubs, and subgenres such as hardcore, trance, jungle, ambient, gabba, and big beat, assessing the psychic and physical costs of its rampant hedonism, and situating rave's 'escapist' urges within the larger social context of late-eighties and early-nineties America and Britain.--Jacket."	Simon Reynolds	ML3540.R49 1998Baudelaire's world  	"The author offers illuminating readings, critiques of translations, and her own translations of Baudelaire's world, understood here to include all his works of poetry (both verse and prose), criticism, and correspondence. The study considers the poet's work in its richly textured biographical, historical, and cultural context. At the same time, the author is careful to resist the temptation of facile readings that would unequivocally proclaim a simple inspiration behind a given text."	Rosemary Lloyd	PQ2191.Z5L59 2002Indian Creek chronicles  	The author recounts his 7 months working for the Idaho Department of Fish and Game in an isolated location that changed him from a college kid to a man.	Pete Fromm	PS3556.R5942Z469 2003Joyce's misbelief  	"The author takes a different and somewhat controversial approach to the study of James Joyce's relation to religion by examining the author's misbelief rather than the disbelief so many scholars claim he professed. He argues that Joyce in fact had a great deal of respect for the Catholic Church though he did not accept the orthodox dogma he learned as a youth. Instead, Joyce was most interested in actual schisms that challenged the authority and universality of Catholic dogma. This focus on schism is most readily evident in the analysis of Joyce's use of key Christian, though not Catholic, texts. He explores Joyce's interest in the Eastern Orthodox Church and in Protestantism, two influences usually ignored in discussions of Joyce and religion. Gottfried offers new readings of Joyce's work including his puzzling use of the term epicleti to describe Dubliners and his interest in heterodox ideas in Ulysses and Finnegans Wake. Joyce's use of the Protestant Bible and the Anglican Book of Common Prayer enabled Joyce to articulate ideas that the Catholic Church of his time suppressed and to challenge Catholic doctrine, power, and hegemony, according to Gottfried."	Roy K Gottfried	PR6019.O9Z555 2008The (honest) truth about dishonesty : how we lie to everyone--especially ourselves 	"The author, a behavioral economist, challenges our preconceptions about dishonesty and urge us to take an honest look at ourselves. We all cheat, whether it is copying a paper in the classroom, or white lies on our expense accounts. Does the chance of getting caught affect how likely we are to cheat? How do companies pave the way for dishonesty? Does collaboration make us more honest or less so? Does religion improve our honesty? Here the author explores how unethical behavior works in the personal, professional, and political worlds, and how it affects all of use, even as we think of ourselves as having high moral standards. He explores the question of dishonesty from Washington to Wall Street, and the classroom to the workplace, to examine why cheating is so prevalent and what can be done to prevent it. None of us is immune, whether it is the white lie to head off trouble or padding our expense reports. Generally, we assume that cheating, like most other decisions, is based on a rational cost-benefit analysis. But the author argues, and then demonstrates, that it is actually the irrational forces that we do not take into account that often determine whether we behave ethically or not. For every Enron or political bribe, there are countless puffed resumes, hidden commissions, and knockoff purses. He shows why some things are easier to lie about; how getting caught matters less than we think; and how business practices pave the way for unethical behavior both intentionally and unintentionally. But all is not lost. The author also identifies what keeps us honest, pointing the way for achieving higher ethics in our everyday lives, and with personal and academic findings, changing the way we see ourselves, our actions, and others."	Dan Ariely	BJ1533.H7A75 2012Meriwether Lewis  	"The authors concentrate on what Lewis was doing immediately before and after the journey through Western territory. They assess his role as a natural scientist and as governor of the Louisiana Territory. Thomas Jefferson thrust the latter role upon Lewis during a time of crisis. As Danisi and Jackson reveal, he would much rather have devoted this time compiling his notes and scientific findings into a vivid narrative of the expedition's adventures. Finally, using medical documentation, the book reveals the actual cause of Lewis's untimely death.--From publisher description."	Thomas Danisi	F592.7.L42D36 2009"The art of daring : risk, restlessness, imagination "	"The award-winning poet Carl Phillips's invaluable essays on poetry, the tenth volume in the celebrated Art of series of books on the craft of writing. In six insightful essays, Carl Phillips meditates on the craft of poetry, its capacity for making a space for possibility and inquiry. What does it mean to give shapelessness a form? How can a poem explore both the natural world and the inner world? Phillips demonstrates the restless qualities of the imagination by reading and examining poems by Ashbery, Bogan, Frost, Niedecker, Shakespeare, and others, and by considering other art forms, such as photography and the blues."	Carl Phillips	PS3566.H476A78 2014The Balfour Declaration : the origins of the Arab-Israeli conflict 	"The Balfour Declaration paints an indelible picture of how Arab nationalists, backed by Britain, fought for their future as Zionists in England battled diplomatically for influence. Meanwhile, unbeknownst to either side or even to most members of the British government, Prime Minister David Lloyd George was telling Turkey that she could keep her flag flying over the disputed territory if only she would agree to a separate peace. --from publisher description."	Jonathan Schneer	DS125.5.S366 2010The behavior of the laboratory rat : a handbook with tests 	"The Behavior of the Laboratory Rat is aimed at investigators in neuroscience who may not be familiar with rat behavior, but who wish to incorporate behavioral studies into their own research. Nevertheless, seasoned investigators will also find the book to be a reference for behavioral paradigms with which they may not be familiar. This book will serve as a resource for neuroscientists, psychologists, pharmacologists, geneticists, molecular biologists, zoologists, and their students and trainees.--Jacket."	Ian Q Whishaw	QL737.R666W52 2005Ennius and the architecture of the Annales  	"The book explores the genesis, in the ancient sources for Ennius' epic and in modern scholarship, of the accounts of the Annales with which we operate today. A series of appendixes detail each source's contribution to our record of the poem, and are used to consider how the interests and working methods of the principal sources shape the modern view of the powm and to re-examine the limits imposed and the possibilities offered by this ancient evidence. Dr. Elliott challenges standard views of the poem, such as its use of time and the disposition of the gods within it. She argues that the manifest impact of the Annales on the collective Roman psyche results from its innovative promotion of a vision of Rome as the primary focus of the cosmos in all its aspects--Page 4 of cover."	Jackie Elliott	PA6382.E44 2013Our kind of people : inside America's Black upper class 	"The book is about the insular world of the black upper class written by a member of this hard-to-penetrate group. A conservative network of families dating back to the first black millionaires of the 1880s, the black elite has developed its own rules for membership and for maintaining a place in a world that is unaware of its vast contributions."	Lawrence Graham	E185.86.G644 1999The Catholic Reformation  	"The Catholic Reformation provides a history of the Counter-Reformation in early modern Europe. Starting from the Middle Ages, Michael Mullett traces the continuous transformation of the Catholic religion in its structures, bodies and doctrine. He discusses the gain in momentum of Catholic renewal from the time of the Council of Trent, and considers the profound effect of the Protestant Reformation in accelerating its renovation. The book also examines the Catholic Reformation's huge impact on the papacy, church leaders and religious ritual and practice, as well as on the lives of ordinary people."	Michael A Mullett	BR430.M84 1999The choreographic  	"The choreographic stages a conversation in which artwork not only is looked at but looks back; it is about contact that touches even across distance. The choreographic moves between the corporeal and cerebral to tell the stories of these encounters as dance trespasses into the discourse and disciplines of visual art and philosophy through a series of stutters, steps, trembles, and spasms. In The Choreographic, Jenn Joy examines dance and choreography not only as artistic strategies and disciplines but aslo as intrinsically theoretical and critical practices. She investigates artists in dialogue with philosophy, describing a movement of conceptual choreography that flourishes in New York and on the festival circus. Joy offers close readings of a series of experimental works, arguing for the choreographic as an alternative model of aesthetics. She explores constellations of works, artists, writers, philosophers, and dancers, in conversation with theories of gesture, language, desire, and history. She choreographs a revelatory narrative in which Walter Benjamin, Pina Bausch, Francis Aly_s, and Cormac MacCarthy dance together; she traces the feminist and queer force toward desire through the choreography of DD Dorvillier, Heather Kravas, Meg Stuart, La Ribot, Miguel Gutierrez, luciana achugar, and others; she maps new forms of communicability and pedagogy; and she casts science fiction writers Samuel R. Delany and Kim Stanley Robinson as perceptual avatars and dance partners for Ralph Lemon, Marianne Vitali, James Foster, and Janet Cardiff and George Bures Miller. Constructing an expanded notion of the choreographic, Joy explores how choreography as critical concept and practice attunes us more productively uncertain, precarious, and ecstatic understanding of aesthetics and art making. -- from cover."	Jenn Joy	GV1588.3.J69 2014The cinema makers : public life and the exhibition of difference in south-eastern and central Europe since the 1960s 	"The Cinema Makers investigates how cinema spectators in south-eastern and central European cities became cinema makers through such practices as squatting in existing cinema spaces, organizing cinema events, writing about film and making films themselves."	Anna Schober	PN1993.5.E8S36 2013Simpler : the future of government 	"The co-author of the best-selling Nudge and regulatory advisor to President Obama draws on cutting-edge work in behavioral psychology and economics to trace behind-the-scenes, life-saving policy changes that reflect smarter and simpler government practices while preserving freedom of choice for everyday people in areas ranging from mortgages and student loans to food labeling and health care."	Cass R Sunstein	E907.S86 2013"Tragic spirits : shamanism, memory, and gender in contemporary Mongolia "	"The collapse of socialism at the end of the twentieth century brought devastating changes to Mongolia. Economic shock therapy--an immediate liberalization of trade and privatization of publicly owned assets--quickly led to impoverishment, especially in rural parts of the country, where Tragic Spirits takes place. Following the travels of the nomadic Buryats, Manduhai Buyandelger tells a story not only of economic devastation but also a remarkable Buryat response to it--the revival of shamanic practices after decades of socialist suppression.--Publisher website."	Manduhai Buyandelger	GN635.M66B89 2013"Vietnamese tradition on trial, 1920-1945  "	The colonial setting -- Morality instruction -- Ethics and politics -- Language and literacy -- The questions of women -- Perceptions of the past -- Harmony and struggle -- Knowledge power -- Learning from experience -- Conclusion.	David G Marr	DS556.8.M37The commonwealth of nature : art and poetic community in the age of Dante 	"The Commonwealth of Nature explores the role of Tuscan visual culture in the poetic construction of a commonwealth. For Campbell, commonwealth should be viewed not only in the context of abstract political theory but also as a living reality, dependent upon the very processes of art making. The book focuses on four exceptional works: Brunetto Latini's didactic poem, the Tesoretto; a unique illustrated manuscript of the same; and Simone Martini's Maesta and Ambrogio Lorenzetti's Allegory of Good and Bad Government, both painted for the Palazzo Pubblico in Siena.--Jacket."	C Jean Campbell	N72.S6C26 2008"Mercenaries, pirates, and sovereigns : state-building and extraterritorial violence in early modern Europe "	"The contemporary organization of global violence is neither timeless nor natural, argues Janice Thomson. It is distinctively modern. In this book she examines how the present arrangement of the world into violence-monopolizing sovereign states evolved over the six preceding centuries. Tracing the activities of mercenaries, pirates, mercantile companies, and sovereigns from the Mediterranean to the Northwest Territories, the author addresses compelling questions: Why do we have centralized bureaucracies - states - which claim a monopoly on violence? Why is this monopoly based on territorial boundaries? Why is coercion not an international market commodity?;Thomson maintains that the contemporary monopolization of violence by sovereign states results from the collective practices of rulers, all seeking power and wealth for their states and themselves, and all competing to exploit extraterritorial nonstate violence to achieve those ends. She examines the unintended consequences of such acts, and shows how individual states eventually fell victim to nonstate violence. As rulers became increasingly aware of the problems created by non-state coercive tactics abroad, they worked together to curtail this violence, only to find it intertwined with nonstate violence on the national state level. Exploring the blurred boundaries between the domestic and international, the economic and political, and the state and nonstate realms of authority, this book addresses practical and theoretical issues underlying the reconciliation of violence with political legitimacy."	Janice E Thomson	D210.T53 1994Amy Lowell anew : a biography 	"The controversial American poet Amy Lowell (1874-1925), a founding member of the Imagist group that included D.H. Lawrence and H.D., excelled as the impresario for the {lcub}u2018{rcub}new poetry{lcub}u2019{rcub} that became news across the U.S. in the years after World War I. Maligned by T.S. Eliot as the {lcub}u2018{rcub}demon saleswoman{lcub}u2019{rcub} of poetry, and ridiculed by Ezra Pound, Lowell has been treated by previous biographers as an obese, sex-starved, inferior poet who smoked cigars and made a spectacle of herself, canvassing the country on lecture tours that drew crowds in the hundreds for her electrifying performances. In fact, Lowell wrote some of the finest love lyrics of the 20th century and led a full and loving life with her constant companion, the retired actress Ada Russell. She was awarded the Pulitzer Prize posthumously in 1926. This provocative new biography, the first in forty years, restores Amy Lowell to her full humanity in an era that, at last, is beginning to appreciate the contributions of gays and lesbians to American{lcub}u2019{rcub}s cultural heritage. Drawing on newly discovered letters and papers, Rollyson{lcub}u2019{rcub}s biography finally gives this vibrant poet her due.--The dust-jacket front flap."	Carl E Rollyson	PS3523.O88Z74 2013Macroanalysis : digital methods and literary history 	"The creation of enormous and inclusive databases, the digitization of literary works, and the steady improvement in search engines enable scholars in the digital humanities to ask very big questions. Using computational analysis to retrieve key words, phrases, and linguistic patterns across thousands of texts in digital libraries, researchers can draw conclusions based on quantifiable evidence regarding how literary trends are employed over time, across periods, within regions, or within demographic groups, as well as how cultural, historical, and societal linkages may bind individual authors, texts, and genres into an aggregate literary culture. In this volume, Matthew L. Jockers introduces readers to large-scale literary computing and the revolutionary potential of macroanalysis--a new approach to the study of the literary record designed for probing the digital-textual world as it exists today, in digital form and in large quantities. Moving beyond the limitations of literary interpretation based on the close-reading of individual works, Jockers describes how this new method of studying large collections of digital material can help us to better understand and contextualize the individual works within those collections.--Publisher's website."	Matthew Lee Jockers	PN73.J63 2013The deceivers : art forgery and identity in the nineteenth century 	"The Deceivers explores the intersections among artistic crime, literary narrative, and the definition of identity. Through close reading of literary narratives such as Trilby and The Marble Faun as well as newspaper accounts of forgery scandals, The Deceivers reveals the identities - both authentic and fake - that emerged from the Victorian culture of forgery.--Jacket."	Aviva Briefel	PN3352.F67B75 2006Against the grain : how agriculture has hijacked civilization 	"The evolutionary road is littered with failed experiments, and Richard Manning suggests that agriculture as we have practiced it runs against both our grain and nature's. Drawing on the work of anthropologists, biologists, archaeologists, and philosophers, along with his own travels, he argues that not only our ecological ills - overpopulation, erosion, pollution - but our social and emotional malaise are rooted in the devil's bargain we made in our not-so-distant past. And he offers personal, achievable ways we might re-contour the path we have taken to resurrect what is most sustainable and sustaining in our own nature and the planet's.--Jacket."	Richard Manning	S419.M26 2004Jewels of the Renaissance  	"The fascination of jewels is rooted not only in their ability to please the eye but also in their power to express the range of human emotions and ambitions--love, friendship, religious devotion, superstition, dynastic pride. Renaissance jewels are among the most alluring manifestations of an age that experienced the widening of old-established horizons, from the Old World to the New. Dr. Yvonne Hackenbroch's seminal and comprehensive work, Renaissance Jewellery, originally published in 1979, established her reputation as the world's foremost expert in the field. Hackenbroch brings to the subject not only her specialized knowledge and historical discipline but also a storyteller's passion for the jewels' beauty and power. With the kind permission of Dr. Hackenbroch's estate, Assouline has abridged Dr. Hackenbroch's original text to produce this spectacular volume, brimming with luxurious imagery expressing the overflowing creativity and boundless spirit of the Age of the Renaissance. -- Publisher's website."	Yvonne Hackenbroch	NK7309.3.H32 2015It's all a kind of magic : the young Ken Kesey 	"The first biography of Kesey, [revealing] a youthful life of brilliance and eccentricity that encompassed wrestling, writing, farming, magic and ventriloquism, CIA-funded experiments with hallucinatory drugs, and a notable cast of characters that would come to include Wallace Stegner, Larry McMurtry, Tom Wolfe, Neal Cassady, Timothy Leary, the Grateful Dead, and Hunter S. Thompson--Dust jacket flap."	Rick Dodgson	PS3561.E667Z66 2013Grasping the nettle : analyzing cases of intractable conflict 	"The first part of this volume identifies and analyzes the defining characteristics and underlying dynamics of intractable conflicts. The second part turns the spotlight on no fewer than eight current cases, in each instance chronicling the conflict's evolution, evaluating the internal and external factors that have conspired to prevent a settlement and assessing whether past peacemaking initiatives have in fact only aggravated the conflict. The conclusion makes the point that even intractable conflicts eventually end and highlights the strategic approaches and tactical steps that have yielded success for mediators and conflict managers from governments international organizations, and NGOs.--Jacket."	Chester A Crocker	JZ6385.C76 2005Interest groups and trade policy  	"The first three chapters focus on campaign contributions and candidate endorsements--two of the tools that interest groups use in their efforts to influence policy outcomes. The remaining chapters present applications to trade policy issues. Grossman and Helpman demonstrate how the approaches developed in their monograph can shed light on tariff formation in small and large countries, on the conduct of multilateral trade negotiations, and on the viability of bilateral free trade agreements. They also examine the forms that regional and multilateral trade agreements are likely to take and the ways in which firms invest abroad to circumvent trade barriers induced by political pressures--Publisher's description."	Gene M Grossman	HF1411.G7428 2002Gender and medieval drama  	"The focus of this study is upon the Corpus Christi plays, supplemented by other performance practices such as festive and social entertainments, civic parades, funeral processions and public punishments. The main argument relates to the traditional approaches to women's non-performance in the Corpus Christi dramas, but other factors are considered and analysed, including the semiotics of the cross-dressed actor and the significance of the visual and spatial language of the processional stage to gender debates. In conclusion, there is a series of readings which reassess the dramatic portrayal of a selection of holy and vulgar women - the Virgin Mary, Mary Magdalene, Mrs Noah and Dame Procula. The emphasis throughout the book is upon a performance-based analysis. Evidence from Records of Early English Drama, social, literary and cultural sources are drawn together in order to investigate how performances within the late Middle Ages were both shaped by, and shaped, the public image of women.--Jacket."	Katie Normington	PR643.M8N67 2004Pre-Islamic carpets and textiles from eastern lands  	"The fourth volume in Thames & Hudson's celebrated series cataloguing the al-Sabah collection, this book features a unique collection of carpets and textile fragments from the pre-Islamic and early Islamic world. The Sasanian fragments fill a substantial gap in the early history of pile carpets, dating from the second to the eighth century AD, and make a valuable contribution of the understanding of local artistic traditions. The second half of the book is devoted to post-Sasanian and Sogdian silks dating from the sixth to the tenth century. A wave of these beautiful textiles has reached the West since the turn of the 21st century, and here they are divided into variants featuring birds, mammals and mythological creatures, which retain their glowing colors and lively charm."	Friedrich Spuhler	NK8803.S23S68 2014The gargantuan polity : on the individual and the community in the French Renaissance 	"The Gargantuan Polity examines political, legal, theological, and literary texts in the late Middle Ages to show how individuals were defined by contracts of mutual obligation, which allowed rulers to hold power through the approval of their subjects. Noting how the relationship between rulers and common people changed with the rise of absolute monarchy, Michael Randall provides significant insight into Renaissance culture and politics by showing how individuals went from being understood in terms of their objective relations with the community to being subjective entities. A profound and detailed study of one of Europe's most drastic periods of change, The Gargantuan Polity will be of interest to scholars of French literature. the Renaissance, and intellectual history.--Jacket."	Michael Randall	DC33.3.R36 2008Rationalizing myth in antiquity  	"The Greek myths are characteristically fabulous; they are full of monsters, metamorphoses, and the supernatural. However, they could be told in other ways as well. This volume charts ancient dissatisfaction with the excesses of myth, and the various attempts to cut these stories down to size by explaining them as misunderstood accounts of actual events. In the hands of ancient rationalizers, the hybrid forms of the Centaurs become early horse-riders, seen from a distance; the Minotaur the result of an illicit liaison, not an inter-species love affair; and Cerberus, nothing more than a notorious snake with a lethal bite. Such approaches form an indigenous mode of ancient myth criticism, and show Greeks grappling with the value and utility of their own narrative traditions. Rationalizing interpretations offer an insight into the practical difficulties inherent in distinguishing myth from history in ancient Greece, and indeed the fragmented nature of myth itself as a conceptual entity. By focusing on six Greek authors (Palaephatus, Heraclitus, Excerpta Vaticana, Conon, Plutarch, and Pausanias) and tracing the development of rationalistic interpretation from the fourth century BC to the Second Sophistic (1st-2nd centuries AD) and beyond, 'Rationalizing Myth in Antiquity' shows that, far from being marginalized as it has been in the past, rationalization should be understood as a fundamental component of the pluralistic and shifting network of Greek myth as it was experienced in antiquity."	Greta Hawes	PA3015.R4H39 2014The Guest Cat  	"The Guest Cat is a subtly moving novel that conveys deeply felt ways of being. Two writers, a young couple, enjoy their quiet cottage in a leafy part of Tokyo: they work at home as freelance editors. One day a cat invites herself into their small kitchen. She is a beautiful creature. she leaves, but comes again, and then again and again. New, small joys, radiated by the fleeting loveliness of life, accompany the cat; the days take on more light and color."	Takashi Hiraide	PL852.I663N413 2014The Harvard concordance to Shakespeare  	"The Harvard Condordance to Shakespeare is the first complete and reliable one-volume concordance to all the plays and poems of Shakespeare. In order to broaden the scope and sharpen the focus of this work, special features not usually found in concordances are included: Prose-verse distinctions -- Statistics -- Departures from the basic copy-texts -- Homographs -- Cross references -- Appendices -- The context -- Conventions, types and symbols."	Marvin Spevack	PR2892.S62The integral : an easy approach after Kurzweil and Henstock 	"The history of integration is a long and interesting one, and its roots can be traced as far back as the ancient Greeks. This first genuinely rigorous definition of an integral was that given by Riemann, and further (more general, and so more useful) definitions have since been given by Lebesgue, Denjoy, Perron, Kurzweil and Henstock, and this culminated in the work of McShane. This textbook provides an introduction to this theory, and it presents a unified yet elementary approach that is suitable for beginning graduate and final-year undergraduate students.--Jacket."	P Y Lee	QA308.L44 2000Magnum : fifty years at the front line of history 	"The history of Magnum is the story of its photographers - some of the most talented, brave, and resourceful in the world -- including Eve Arnold, Rene Burri, Cornell Capa, Bruce Davidson, Ernst Haas, Mary Ellen Mark, Susan Meiselas, Inge Morath, James Nachtwey, Gilles Peress, Eugene Richards, Sebastiao Salgado, and Dennis Stock. Magnum follows them on assignment -- including encounters with soldiers, bodyguards, and visa troubles -- and into the offices of Magnum, with all the moments of inspiration and inevitable frictions of brilliant and opinionated people working together. Fifty years after its founding, Magnum remains a testament to the vision of its founders, and membership in it is still the most coveted badge of honor and prestige that a photographer can attain. Full of wonderful stories, heroic feats, and human drama, Magnum is a dramatic, sweeping portrait of the worlds greatest photo house and its times.--Jacket."	Russell Miller	TR690.M55 1998"Alliance : the inside story of how Roosevelt, Stalin and Churchill won one war and began another "	"The history of the Second World War is typically told through its decisive battles and campaigns. But behind the front lines, behind even the command centers of Allied generals and military planners, a different level of strategic thinking was taking place. Throughout the war, Winston Churchill, Franklin D. Roosevelt, and Joseph Stalin - the Big Three--Met in various permutations and locations to hash out ways lo defeat Nazi Germany. And, just as important, to determine the shape of the postwar world. Focusing on the interplay between these three larger-than-life personalities, Jonathan Fenby's vivid narrative ranges from the great conferences at Tehran and Yalta to a secret shipboard meeting in a deserted Newfoundland cove, from late-night vodka-fueled sessions in the Kremlin to summer picnics at the presidential estate. At the center stand three men - Roosevelt, the patrician populist who thrived on manipulation, secrecy, and dissimulation; Stalin, the bloody dictator who relentlessly pursued his ends; and Churchill, fighting desperately to preserve his country's standing with his allies. They come alive as individuals, shown in their political maneuvers, their health problems, and their private dilemmas and fears. Around them is a rich cast - Charles de Gaulle, Chiang Kai-shek, Foreign Ministers and advisers, including many key figures now largely forgotten. Putting the reader right inside those smoke-filled rooms, Alliance shows the Second World War as a political story in the raw. Through a rich assortment of original documents, telling anecdotes, and detailed character portraits, we learn how this remarkable alliance was constructed and maintained, and how it finally crumbled, introducing the world to a new kind of cold warfare.--Jacket."	Jonathan Fenby	D748.F45 2006The holy profane : religion in Black popular music 	"The Holy Profane explores the strong presence of religion in the secular music of twentieth-century African American artists as diverse as Rosetta Tharpe, Sam Cooke, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, Earth, Wind & Fire, and Tupac Shakur. Analyzing lyrics and the historical contexts which shaped those lyrics, Teresa L. Reed examines the link between West-African musical and religious culture and the way African Americans convey religious sentiment in styles such as the blues, rhythm and blues, soul, funk, and gangsta rap. She looks at Pentecostalism and black secular music, minstrelsy and its portrayal of black religion, the black church, crossing over from gospel to R & B, images of the black preacher, and the salience of God in the rap of Tupac Shakur.--Jacket."	Teresa L Reed	ML3479.R42 2003Jewish women pioneering the frontier trail : a history in the American West 	"The image of the West looms large in the American imagination. Yet the history of American Jewry - and particularly of American Jewish women - has been heavily weighted toward the East. Jewish Women Pioneering the Frontier Trail rectifies this omission as the first full book to trace the history and contributions of Jewish women in the American West.;In many ways, the Jewish experience in the West was distinct. Given the still-forming social landscape, beginning with the 1848 Gold Rush, Jews were able to integrate more fully into local communities than they had in the East. Jewish women in the West took advantage of the unsettled nature of the region to open new doors for themselves in the public sphere in ways often not yet possible elsewhere in the country. Women were crucial to the survival of early communities, and made distinct contributions not only in shaping Jewish communal life but outside the Jewish community as well.;Western Jewish women's level of involvement at the vanguard of social welfare and progressive reform, commerce, politics, and higher education and the professions is striking given their relatively small numbers.--Jacket."	Jeanne E Abrams	HQ1172.A27 2006The neural basis of free will : criterial causation 	"The issues of mental causation, consciousness, and free will have vexed philosophers since Plato. This book examines these unresolved issues from a neuroscientific perspective. In contrast with philosophers who use logic rather than data to argue whether mental causation or consciousness can exist given unproven first assumptions, Tse proposes that we instead listen to what neurons have to say. Because the brain must already embody a solution to the mind--body problem, why not focus on how the brain actually realizes mental causation? Tse draws on exciting recent neuroscientific data concerning how informational causation is realized in physical causation at the level of NMDA receptors, synapses, dendrites, neurons, and neuronal circuits. He argues that a particular kind of strong free will and downward mental causation are realized in rapid synaptic plasticity. Recent neurophysiological breakthroughs reveal that neurons function as criterial assessors of their inputs, which then change the criteria that will make other neurons fire in the future. Such informational causation cannot change the physical basis of information realized in the present, but it can change the physical basis of information that may be realized in the immediate future. This gets around the standard argument against free will centered on the impossibility of self-causation. Tse explores the ways that mental causation and qualia might be realized in this kind of neuronal and associated information-processing architecture, and considers the psychological and philosophical implications of having such an architecture realized in our brains."	Peter Tse	QP360.5.T75 2013The language of disenchantment : Protestant literalism and colonial discourse in British India 	"The Language of Disenchantment explores the ways in which Protestant ideas concerning language influenced British colonial attitudes toward and proposals to reform Hinduism. Protestant literalism, mediated by the textual economy of the printed book, inspired colonial critiques of Indian mythological, ritual, linguistic, and legal traditions. Central to these developments was the transportation of the Christian opposition of monotheism and polytheism or idolatry into the domain of language. Polemics against verbal idolatry that had been applied previously to Catholic and sectarian practices in Britain -including the elevation of a scriptural canon over heathenish custom, the attack on the personifications of mythological language, and the critique of vain repetitions in prayers and magic spells-were applied by colonialists to Indian linguistic practices. In order to remedy these diseases of language, the British attempted to standardize and codify Indian traditions as a step toward both Anglicization and Christianization. The colonial understanding of a perfect language as the fulfillment of the monotheistic ideal echoed earlier Christian myths according to which the Gospel had replaced the obscure discourses of pagan oracles and Jewish ritual. By uncovering the historical roots of the British re-ordering of South Asian discourses, Yelle's work challenges representations of colonialism, and the modernity that it ushered in, as simply rational or secular.--Publisher's website."	Robert A Yelle	BL1215.C76Y45 2013Time series analysis  	"The last decade has brought dramatic changes in the way that researchers analyze time series data. This much-needed book synthesizes all of the major recent advances and develops a single, coherent presentation of the current state of the art of this increasingly important field. James Hamilton provides for the first time a thorough and detailed textbook account of important innovations such as vector autoregressions, estimation by generalized method of moments, the economic and statistical consequences of unit roots, time-varying variances, and nonlinear time series models. In addition, Hamilton presents traditional tools for analyzing dynamic systems, including linear representations, autocovariance, generating functions, spectral analysis, and the Kalman filter, illustrating their usefulness both for economic theory and for studying and interpreting real-world data. This book is intended to provide students, researchers, and forecasters with a definitive, self-contained survey of dynamic systems, econometrics, and time series analysis. Starting from first principles, Hamilton's lucid presentation makes both old and new developments accessible to first-year graduate students and nonspecialists. Moreover, the work's thoroughness and depth of coverage will make Time Series Analysis an invaluable reference for researchers at the frontiers of the field. Hamilton achieves these dual objectives by including numerous examples that illustrate exactly how the theoretical results are used and applied in practice, while relegating many details to mathematical appendixes at the end of chapters. As an intellectual roadmap of the field for students and researchers alike, this volume promises to be the authoritative guide for years to come.--Jacket."	James D Hamilton	QA280.H264 1994In the time of the butterflies  	"The life and death of three revolutionary sisters in the Dominican Republic, told by a surviving fourth. One by one the Mirabal Sisters, as they were known, join the opposition to the Trujillo dictatorship in the 1950s, suffering imprisonment and torture while their men watch powerless. They are released, then one night their jeep is ambushed. A story based on real events by the author of How the Garcia Girls Lost Their Accents."	Julia Alvarez	PS3551.L845I5 1994"The lost age of reason : philosophy in early modern India, 1450-1700 "	"The Lost Age of Reason deals with a fascinating and rich episode in the history of philosophy, one from which those who are interested in the nature of modernity and its global origins have a great deal to learn. Early modernity in India consists in the formation of a new philosophical self, one which makes it possible meaningfully to conceive of oneself as engaging the ancient and the alien in conversation. The ancient texts are now not thought of as authorities to which one must defer, but regarded as the source of insight in the company of which one pursues the quest for truth. This new attitude implies a change in the conception of one's duties towards the past. After reconstructing the historical intellectual context in detail, and developing a suitable methodological framework, Ganeri reviews work on the concept of knowledge, the nature of evidence, the self, the nature of the categories, mathematics, realism, and a new language for philosophy. -- Book jacket."	Jonardon Ganeri	B131.G274 2011The rag race : how Jews sewed their way to success in America and the British Empire 	"The majority of Jewish immigrants who made their way to the United States between 1820 and 1924 arrived nearly penniless; yet today their descendants stand out as exceptionally successful. How can we explain their dramatic economic ascent? Have Jews been successful because of cultural factors distinct to them as a group, or because of the particular circumstances that they encountered in America? This book argues that the Jews who flocked to the United States during the age of mass migration were aided appreciably by their association with a particular corner of the American economy: the rag trade. From humble beginnings, Jews rode the coattails of the clothing trade from the margins of economic life to a position of unusual promise and prominence, shaping both their societal status and the clothing industry as a whole. Comparing the history of Jewish participation within the clothing trade in the United States with that of Jews in the same business in England, this book demonstrates that differences within the garment industry on either side of the Atlantic contributed to a very real divergence in social and economic outcomes for Jews in each setting."	Adam Mendelsohn	HD9940.U4M45 2015Gardner's art through the ages  	"The market-leading text for the art history survey course, GARDNER'S ART THROUGH THE AGES has served as a comprehensive and thoughtfully crafted guide to the defining phases of the world's artistic tradition. With this book in hand, thousands of students have watched the story of art unfold in its full historical, social, religious, economic, and cultural context, and thus deepened their understanding of art, architecture, painting, and sculpture. By virtue of its comprehensive coverage, strong emphasis on context, and rich, accurate art reproductions, GARDNER'S ART THROUGH THE AGES has earned and sustained a reputation of excellence and authority. So much so, that in 2001, the Text and Academic Authors Association awarded both the McGuffey and the Texty Book Prizes to the Eleventh Edition of the text. It is the first art history book to win either award and the only title ever to win both prizes in one year. The Twelfth Edition maintains and exceeds the richness of the Gardner legacy with updated research and scholarship and an even more beautiful art program featuring more color images than any other art history book available. The Twelfth Edition features such enhancements as more color photographs, a stunning new design, and the most current research and scholarship. What's more, the expanded ancillary package that accompanies GARDNER'S ART THROUGH THE AGES, features a wealth of tools to enhance your students' experience in the course. With each new copy of the book, students receive a copy of the ArtStudy 2. 0 CD-ROM--an interactive electronic study aid that fully integrates with the Twelfth Edition and includes hundreds of high-quality digital images, plus maps, quizzes, and more. - Publisher."	Helen Gardner	N5300.G25 2005The material life of Roman slaves  	"The Material Life of Roman Slaves is a major contribution to scholarly debates on the archaeology of Roman slavery. Rather than regard slaves as irretrievable in the ruins of ancient Roman cities and villas, the book takes the archaeological record as a key form of evidence for reconstructing slaves' lives and experiences. Interweaving literature, law, and material evidence, the book searches for ways to see slaves in these various contexts--to make them visible where texts tell us they were in fact present--Book jacket."	Sandra R Joshel	DG78.J67 2014The direct cinema of David and Albert Maysles  	"The Maysles brothers' particular style, which they called direct cinema, helped usher in a new, more probing and realistic form of documentary. They are mentioned in many historical surveys of documentary film, but The Direct Cinema of David and Albert Maysles is the first full-length treatment of their career. Despite the legacy the brothers left for filmmakers of all genres, film scholars and historians have generally considered the films monolithically and failed to look at the subtle shifts in their approaches over time. Jonathan B. Vogels remedies that oversight with this critical assessment of the complete Maysles catalog.;Shedding light on the issues of direct cinema as a whole, Vogels underscores the technical and aesthetic achievements of their specific work and delineates two artists' quests for an authentic means of creative expression.;The Direct Cinema of David and Albert Maysles engages the ongoing historical debate over the genre's objectivity, its treatment of its subjects, and its claims to authenticity. Vogels contends that the uncontrollable nature of the brothers' filmmaking process necessitated some level of imposed subjectivity, especially in the editing phase, as ambiguity and inconsistency are built into direct cinema. Vogels also asserts that nonfiction films deserve more attention, not just because they often offer important insights about the subject matter they treat but also because their construction defines a culture and expresses the power of film as an influential vehicle for truth gathering. Ten illustrations complement the volume.--Jacket."	Jonathan B Vogels	PN1998.3.M3975V64 2005A beginner's guide to the MCMI-III  	The MCMI-III is the foremost personality assessment instrument in use today and has quickly become the instrument of choice among clinicians evaluating psychiatric patients. This book provides an excellent introduction to the instrument and teaches readers how to master the fundamentals of its use.	Dan Jankowski	RC473.M47J36 2002The millennial New World  	"The Millennial New World offers a comprehensive introduction to millennial thought and action in Latin America. The book opens by defining millennialism in its broadest sense, encompassing apocalypticism, messianism, and utopia. The subsequent chapters present an extraordinarily wide range of colonial and modern cases as they pursue millennial themes throughout Latin American history. Spanish messianic imperialism and perceptions of the New World as Eden and New Jerusalem provide the European precedents. Extensive treatment of nativist and syncretic millennialism includes the Land-without-Evil, the Taqui Onqoy resistance, the Tzeltal Rebellion, the Caste War of the Yucatan, and the myths of Inkarri and Quetzalcoatl, among many other cases.--Jacket."	Frank Graziano	BL2540.G73 1999"Scepticism and literature : an essay on Pope, Hume, Sterne, and Johnson "	"The more we enquire, the less we can resolve, ' wrote Johnson. Scepticism - a reasoned emphasis on the severe limitations of rationality - would seem to undermine the grounds of belief and action. But in some of the best eighteenth-century literature, a theoretically paralysing critique of the pretensions of reason, precept, and language went hand in hand with a vigorous intellectual, moral, and linguistic confidence. To realize philosophical scepticism as literature was effectively to transform it. Dr. Parker traces the presence of this life-giving irony in works by Pope, Hume, Sterne, and Johnson, discusses its source in Locke and its inspiration in Montaigne, and relates it more broadly to the social self-consciousness of eighteenth-century culture. The argument serves as a reminder that radical scepticism is not the invention of the late twentieth century, and that its strategies and implications have never been more interestingly explored than in the eighteenth.--Jacket."	G F Parker	PR448.S53P37 2003The modernity of others : Jewish anti-Catholicism in Germany and France 	"The most prominent story of nineteenth-century German and French Jewry has focused on Jewish adoption of liberal middle-class values. The Modernity of Others points to an equally powerful but largely unexplored aspect of modern Jewish history: the extent to which German and French Jews sought to become modern by criticizing the anti-modern positions of the Catholic Church. Drawing attention to the pervasiveness of anti-Catholic anticlericalism among Jewish thinkers and activists from the late eighteenth to the early twentieth century, the book turns the master narrative of Western and Central European Jewish history on its head. From the moment in which Jews began to enter the fray of modern European politics, they found that Catholicism served as a convenient foil that helped them define what it meant to be a good citizen, to practice a respectable religion, and to have a healthy family life. Throughout the long nineteenth century, myriad Jewish intellectuals, politicians, and activists employed anti-Catholic tropes wherever questions of political and national belonging were at stake: in theoretical treatises, parliamentary speeches, newspaper debates, the founding moments of the Reform movement, and campaigns against antisemitism.--Publisher's description."	Ari Joskowicz	BX1766.J67 2014"The lyre of Orpheus : popular music, the sacred, and the profane "	"The myth of Orpheus articulates what social theorists have known since Plato: music matters. It is uniquely able to move us, to guide the imagination, to evoke memories, and to create spaces within which meaning is made. Popular music occupies a place of particular social and cultural significance. Christopher Partridge explores this significance, analyzing its complex relationships with the values and norms, texts and discourses, rituals and symbols, and codes and narratives of modern Western cultures. He shows how popular music's power to move, to agitate, to control listeners, to shape their identities, and to structure their everyday lives is central to constructions of the sacred and the profane. In particular, he argues that popular music can be important 'edgework,' challenging dominant constructions of the sacred in modern societies. Drawing on a wide range of musicians and musical genres, as well as a number of theoretical approaches from critical musicology, cultural theory, sociology, theology, and the study of religion, The Lyre of Orpheus reveals the significance and the progressive potential of popular music.--Back cover."	Christopher H Partridge	ML3470.P37 2014Uchebnik risovanii_a_  	The novel by Maxim Kantor Drawing Manual presents the author?s attempt to assume the responsibility for his time and to amalgamate private experience of the contemporaries with the historical one forming artistic image of the epoch. (Internet).	Maxim Kantor	PG3482.5.N68U27 2006I am not Sidney Poitier : a novel 	"The novel follows the life of a young man named Not Sidney Poitier, after he was orphaned at age eleven and inherited a staggering number of shares in the Turner Broadcasting Corporation."	Percival Everett	PS3555.V34I3 2009Pelagius's commentary on St Paul's Epistle to the Romans : translated with introduction and notes 	"The Pelagian controversy - whether man is saved through predestination or by his own free will - has proved one of the most enduring and fiercely contended issues of the Christian church, and has secured Pelagius a lasting place within its history. Few of Pelagius' writings, however, have been preserved, and until recently none was available in English translation. This volume presents Pelagius' commentary on Paul's Letter to the Romans for the first time in English. The commentary, one of thirteen on the Pauline Epistles, dates from the time when Pelagius was active in Rome, before he became embroiled in controversy. But already there are adumbrations of the later debate and signs of different currents of thought in Italy and beyond.;In his introduction Theodore de Bruyn discusses the context in which Pelagius wrote the commentary and the issues which shaped his interpretation of Romans. He also takes up questions about the edition of the commentary. The translation is annotated with references to Pelagius' contemporaries. A new recension of Pelagius' text of Romans is presented in an appendix."	 Pelagius.	BS2665.P4213 1993The Peloponnesian War  	"The Peloponnesian War resonates with contemporary events like few other episodes in ancient history. Thematic chapters, biographical sketches, primary documents, chronology and useful illustrations make this an approachable and useful introduction. Annotation. The Peloponnesian War resonates with contemporary events like few other episodes in ancient history. Thematic chapters, biographical sketches, primary documents, chronology and useful illustrations make this an approachable and useful introduction."	Lawrence A Tritle	DF229.T75 2004The tango  	The photographs of monks in formal debate were taken by Leslie Scalapino at the Sera Monastery in Tibet.--Back cover.	Leslie Scalapino	PS3569.C25T265 2001Twentieth-century piano music  	"The piano is central to the music of the twentieth century. Here Burge, widely acclaimed for introducing much of this literature to the repertoire, offers a personal and inviting overview of the often challenging music written for solo piano during this century. Divided into four sections, each covering a key historical period with musical examples, this resource examines the development of different styles and compositional techniques, and integrates historical and artistic details. Burge offers cogent performance suggestions for selected works of Aaron Copland, Karlheinz Stockhausen, Pierre Boulez, Luciano Berio, John Cage, George Crumb, and others. Following the main text is a Selected Bibliography, a Chronological List of Works and Publishers, Notes, Discography, and Index. A valuable addition to this paperback reissue is a CD of Burge's performances of several works discussed in the text. - Publisher."	David Burge	ML707.B87 2004Piazza San Marco  	"The Piazza San Marco, one of the most famous and instantly recognizable townscapes in the West, if not the world, has been described as a stage set, as Europes drawing room, as a painters canvas. This book traces the changing shape and function of the piazza, from its beginnings in the ninth century to its present day ubiquity in the Venetian, European, as well as global imagination.--from publisher description."	Iain Fenlon	NA9072.V45F46 2009"Greek narratives of the Roman Empire under the Severans : Cassius Dio, Philostratus and Herodian "	"The political instability of the Severan Period (AD 193-235) destroyed the High Imperial consensus about the Roman past and caused both rulers and subjects constantly to re-imagine and re-narrate both recent events and the larger shape of Greco-Roman history and cultural identity. This book examines the narratives put out by the new dynasty, and how the literary elite responded with divergent visions of their own. It focuses on four long Greek narrative texts from the period (by Cassius Dio, Philostratus and Herodian), each of which constructs its own version of the empire, each defined by different Greek and Roman elements and each differently affected by dynastic change, especially that from Antonine to Severan. Innovative theories of narrative are used to produce new readings of these works that bring political, literary and cultural perspectives together in a unified presentation of the Severan era as a distinctive historical moment--Provided by publisher."	Adam M Kemezis	PA3256.K46 2014The body of faith : a biological history of religion in America 	"The postmodern view that human experience is constructed by language and culture has informed historical narratives for decades. Yet newly emerging information about the biological body now makes it possible to supplement traditional scholarly models with insights about the bodily sources of human thought and experience. The Body of Faith is the first account of American religious history to highlight the biological body. Robert C. Fuller brings a crucial new perspective to the study of American religion, showing that knowledge about the biological body deeply enriches how we explain dramatic episodes in American religious life. Fuller shows that the body's genetically evolved systems--pain responses, sexual passion, and emotions like shame and fear--have persistently shaped the ways that Americans forge relationships with nature, to society, and to God. The first new work to appear in the Chicago History of American Religion series in decades, The Body of Faith offers a truly interdisciplinary framework for explaining the richness, diversity, and endless creativity of American religious life--Publisher's website."	Robert C Fuller	BL2520.F85 2013New-media survival guide : for journalists and other print-era refugees 	"The premise of this book is that you don't need to be a digital native to thrive in the digital era. If you are a traditionally trained print journalist, marketer, public relations professional, or other content creator, this book will help you understand the potential of new media not to threaten your career, but to transform and reinvigorate it."	John Owen Bethune	PN4815.2.B48 2012Symbols and allegories in art  	The purpose of this volume is to provide today's readers and museum-goers with a tool for orienting themselves in the world of images and learning to read the hidden meanings of certain famous paintings.--Introduction.	Matilde Battistini	N7740.B2913 2005Enchanters' end game  	"The quest was over. The Orb of Aldur was restored. And once again, with the crowning of Garion, there was a descendant of Riva Iron-grip to rule as Overlord of the West. But the Prophecy was unfulfilled. In the east, the evil God Torak was about to awaken and seek dominion. Somehow, Garion had to face the God, to kill or be killed. On the outcome of that dread duel rested the destiny of the world. Now, accompanied by his grandfather, the ancient sorcerer Belgarath, Garion headed toward the City of Endless Night, where Torak awaited him. To the south, his fiancee, the princess Ce'Nedra, led the armies of the West in a desperate effort to divert the forces of Torak's followers from the man she loved. The Prophecy drove Garion on. But it gave no answer to the question that haunted him: How does a man kill an immortal God? Here is the brilliant conclusion to the epic of The Belgariad."	David Eddings	PS3555.D38E52 1984xThe rise of ethnic politics in Nepal : democracy in the margins 	"The relationship between ethnic politics and democracy presents a paradox for scholars and policy makers: ethnic politics frequently emerge in new democracies, and yet are often presumed to threaten them. As ethnic politics is becoming increasingly central to Nepali politics, this book argues it has the potential to strengthen rather than destabilize democracy. Drawing on years of ethnographic fieldwork, Susan Hangen focuses on the ethnic political party Mongol National Organization (MNO), which consists of multiple ethnic groups and has been mobilizing support in rural east Nepal. By investigating the party's discourse and its struggles to gain support and operate within a village government, the book provides a window onto the processes of democratization in rural Nepal in the 1990s. This work presents a more nuanced understanding of how ethnic parties operate on the ground, arguing that ethnic parties overlap considerably with social movements, and that the boundary between parties and movements should be reconceptualized. The analysis demonstrates that ethnic parties are not antithetical to democracy and that democratization can proceed in diverse and unexpected ways. The author provides an in-depth discussion of the indigenous nationalities movement, one of Nepal's most significant social movements."	Susan I Hangen	GN635.N425H365 2010Ideology in language use : pragmatic guidelines for empirical research 	"The relationship between language and ideology has long been central to research in discourse analysis, pragmatics, sociolinguistics and linguistic anthropology, and has also informed other fields such as sociology and literary criticism. This book, by one of the world's leading pragmatists, introduces a new framework for the study of ideology in written language, using the tools, methods and theories of pragmatics and discourse analysis. Illustrations are drawn systematically from a coherent corpus of excerpts from late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century history textbooks dealing with episodes of colonial history and in particular the 1857 'Indian Mutiny'. It includes the complete corpus of excerpts, allowing researchers and students to evaluate all illustrations; at the same time, it provides useful practice and training materials. The book is intended as a teaching tool in language-, discourse- and communication-oriented programs, but also for historians and social and political scientists--Provided by publisher."	Jef Verschueren	P35.V527 2012Swim : why we love the water 	"The renowned broadcast journalist and author explores the culture, history, challenges, and pleasures of her favorite recreational sport in this deliciously illustrated book."	Lynn Sherr	GV838.53.P75S44 2012Cicero's ideal statesman in theory and practice  	"The resurgence of interest in Cicero's political philosophy in the last twenty years demands a re-evaluation of Cicero's ideal statesman and its relationship not only to Cicero's political theory but also to his practical politics. Jonathan Zarecki proposes three original arguments: firstly, that by the publication of his 'De Republica' in 51 BC Cicero accepted that some sort of return to monarchy was inevitable. Secondly, that Cicero created his model of the ideal statesman as part of an attempt to reconcile the mixed constitution of Rome's past with his belief in the inevitable return of sole-person rule. Thirdly, that the ideal statesman was the primary construct against which Cicero viewed the political and military activities of Pompey, Caesar and Antony, and himself.--Publisher's website."	Jonathan Zarecki	DG260.C53Z374 2014Lectures on the Riemann zeta function  	"The Riemann zeta function was introduced by L. Euler (1737) in connection with questions about the distribution of prime numbers. Later, B. Riemann (1859) derived deeper results about the prime numbers by considering the zeta function in the complex variable. The famous Riemann Hypothesis, asserting that all of the non-trivial zeros of zeta are on a critical line in the complex plane, is one of the most important unsolved problems in modern mathematics. The present book consists of two parts. The first part covers classical material about the zeros of the Riemann zeta function with applications to the distribution of prime numbers, including those made by Riemann himself, F. Carlson, and Hardy-Littlewood. The second part gives a complete presentation of Levinson's method for zeros on the critical line, which allows one to prove, in particular, that more than one-third of non-trivial zeros of zeta are on the critical line. This approach and some results concerning integrals of Dirichlet polynomials are new. There are also technical lemmas which can be useful in a broader context."	Henryk Iwaniec	QA351.I93 2014Fantasy islands : Chinese dreams and ecological fears in an age of climate crisis 	"The rise of China and its status as a leading global factory--combined with an increasing worldwide desire for inexpensive toys, clothes, and food--are altering the way people live and consume. At the same time, the world appears wary of the real costs of this desire: toys drenched in lead paint, dangerous medicines, and tainted pet food. Examining sites in China, including the plan for a new eco-city called Dongtan on the island of Chongming, suburbanization projects, and the Shanghai World Expo, Julie Sze interrogates Chinese, European, and American 'eco-desire' and the eco-technological fantasies that underlie contemporary development of global cities and mega-suburbs. In doing so, she challenges readers to rethink how cities must undergo alterations to become true 'eco-cities.' Sze frames her analysis of these case studies in the context of the problems of global economic change and climate crisis, and she explores the flows, fears, and fantasies of Pacific Rim politics that shaped plans for Dongtan. She looks at the flow of pollution from Asia to the United States (ten billion pounds of airborne pollutants annually). Simultaneously, she considers the flow of financial and political capital for eco-city and ecological development between elite power structures in the UK and China, and charts how climate change discussions align with US fears of China's ascendancy and the related demise of the American Century. Ultimately, Fantasy Islands examines how fears and fantasies about China and historical and political power change the American imagination.--Provided by publisher."	Julie Sze	HT243.C62S477 2015Slavery and the Romantic imagination  	"The romantic movement had profound social implications for nineteenth-century British culture. Among the most significant, Debbie Lee contends, was the change it wrought to the insular Britons' ability to distance themselves from the brutalities of chattel slavery. In the broadest sense, she asks: what is the relationship between the artist and the most hideous crimes of him or her era? In dealing with the Romantic period, this question becomes more specific: what is the relationship between the nation's greatest writers and the epic violence of slavery? In answer to this question, Slavery and the Romantic Imagination provides a completely historicized and theorized account of the intimate relationship between slavery, African exploration, the Romantic imagination, and the literary works produced by this conjunction.--Jacket."	Debbie Lee	PR468.S55L44 2002The Routledge companion to historical studies  	"The Routledge Companion to Historical Studies serves as a much needed critical introduction to the key issues, historians, philosophers and theories which have prompted the rethinking of history and its practice that has gathered pace since the 1990s. Key concepts that address both how historians work and organise the past, such as class, empiricism, agency/structure, epistemology and hermeneutics, are examined through the ideas of leading historians and philosophers such as Vico, Croce, Collingwood, Elton, Kant, Nietzsche, Derrida and White. For this new edition many entries have been substantially updated and offer an essential analysis of the state of history thinking and practice today. Alun Munslow has added twenty-nine new entries including Carl Becker, Frank R. Ankersmit, Richard Rorty, Jean-Francois Lyotard, Jean Baudrillard, gender, justified belief, the aesthetic turn, race, film, biography, cultural history, critical theory and experimental history. With a revised introduction setting out the state of the discipline of history today, as well as an extended and updated bibliography, The Routledge Companion to Historical Studies is the essential reference work for all students of history.--Jacket."	Alun Munslow	D13.M86 2000"The transformation of intimacy : sexuality, love, and eroticism in modern societies "	"The sexual revolution: an evocative term, but what meaning can be given to it today? How does 'sexuality' come into being and what connections does it have with the changes that have affected personal life on a more general plane? In answering these questions, Anthony Giddens disputes many of the dominant interpretations of the role of sexuality in modern culture. The emergence of what the author calls plastic sexuality - sexuality freed from its intrinsic relation to reproduction - is analysed in terms of the long-term development of the modern social order and social influences of the last few decades. Giddens argues that the transformation of intimacy, in which women have played the major part, holds out the possibility of a radical democratization of the personal sphere. This book will appeal to a large general audience as well as being essential reading for students and professionals.--Jacket."	Anthony Giddens	HQ21.G48 1992The National Trust guide to Savannah  	"The Southern tradition of beautiful architecture is epitomized in Savannah, Georgia, a city beloved for its historic buildings and cultural landmarks. The National Trust Guide to Savannah takes readers on a unique architectural, historical, and cultural journey through this city's breathtaking squares and neighborhoods. Highlights the city's diverse architectural styles, from Colonial, Federal, and Greek Revival periods to the Italianate, Gothic, and Eclectic. Also covers Savannah's surrounding areas, including the plantations of Chatham County, river villages, and the Sea Islands. Illustrated with over 200 historic and contemporary photographs.--From publisher description."	Roulhac Toledano	F294.S2T65 1997"The myth of Seneca Falls : memory and the women's suffrage movement, 1848-1898 "	"The story of how the women's rights movement began at the Seneca Falls convention of 1848 is a cherished American myth. The standard account credits founders such as Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Susan B. Anthony, and Lucretia Mott with defining and then leading the campaign for women's suffrage. In her provocative new history, Lisa Tetrault demonstrates that Stanton, Anthony, and their peers gradually created and popularized this origins story during the second half of the nineteenth century in response to internal movement dynamics as well as the racial politics of memory after the Civil War--Provided by publisher."	Lisa Tetrault	JK1896.T48 2014"Bramante's Tempietto, the Roman Renaissance, and the Spanish crown  "	"The Tempietto, the embodiment of the Renaissance mastery of classical architecture and its Christian reinvention, was also the preeminent commission of the Catholic kings, Ferdinand of Aragon and Isabel of Castile, in papal Rome. This groundbreaking book situates Bramante's time-honored memorial dedicated to Saint Peter and the origins of the Roman Catholic Church at the center of a coordinated program of the arts exalting Spain's leadership in the quest for Christian hegemony. The innovations in form and iconography that made the Tempietto an authoritative model for Western architecture were fortified in legacy monuments created by the popes in Rome and the kings in Spain from the later Renaissance to the present day. New photographs expressly taken for this study capture comprehensive views and focused details of this exemplar of Renaissance art and statecraft--Provided by publisher."	Jack Freiberg	NA5620.S87F73 2014Missionaries of Republicanism : a religious history of the Mexican-American War 	"The term Manifest Destiny has traditionally been linked to U.S. westward expansion in the nineteenth century, the desire to spread republican government, and racialist theories like Anglo-Saxonism. Yet few people realize the degree to which Manifest Destiny and American republicanism relied on a deeply anti-Catholic civil-religious discourse. John C. Pinheiro traces the rise to prominence of this discourse, beginning in the 1820s and culminating in the Mexican-American War of 1846-1848."	John C Pinheiro	BR525.P56 2014"Representations of femininity in American genre cinema : the woman's film, film noir, and modern horror "	"The theme of female transformation informs the Hollywood representation of femininity from the studio era to the present. Whether it occurs physically, emotionally, or on some other level, transformation allows female protagonists to negotiate their own complex desires and to resist the compulsory marriage plot. A sweeping study of Hollywood from Now, Voyager, The Heiress, and Flamingo Road, to Carrie, the Alien films, The Brave One, and the 'Slasher Horror' genre, this book boldly unsettles commonplace understandings of genre film, female sexuality, and Freudian theory as it makes a strong new case for the queer relevance of female representation.--Page 4 of cover."	David Greven	PN1995.9.W6G745 2011Drama of the divine economy : creator and creation in early Christian theology and piety 	"The theology of creation interconnected with virtually every aspect of early Christian thought, from Trinitarian doctrine to salvation to ethics. Paul M. Blowers provides an advanced introduction to the multiplex relation between Creator and creation as an object both of theological construction and religious devotion in the early church. While revisiting the polemical dimension of Christian responses to Greco-Roman philosophical cosmology and heterodox Gnostic and Marcionite traditions on the origin, constitution, and destiny of the cosmos, Blowers focuses more substantially on the positive role of patristic theological interpretation of Genesis and other biblical creation texts in eliciting Christian perspectives on the multifaceted relation between Creator and creation. Greek, Syriac, and Latin patristic commentators, Blowers argues, were ultimately motivated less by purely cosmological concerns than by the urge to depict creation as the enduring creative and redemptive strategy of the Trinity. The 'drama of the divine economy', which Blowers discerns in patristic theology and piety, unfolded how the Creator invested the 'end' of the world already in its beginning, and thereupon worked through the concrete actions of Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit to realize a new creation."	Paul M Blowers	BS651.B565 2012Self-consciousness  	"The topic of this book is self-consciousness, which is a kind of knowledge, namely knowledge of oneself as oneself, or self-knowledge. Sebastian Rodl's thesis is that self-knowledge is not empirical; it does not spring from sensory affection. Rather, self-knowledge is knowledge from spontaneity; its object and its source are the subject's own activity, in the primary instance its acts of thinking, both theoretical and practical thinking, belief and action. The chapters of this book cover action and belief, freedom and reason, receptive knowledge and the second person. Each of these topics deserves its own book. And yet they would all be books on self-consciousness, for self-consciousness is the principle of their respective subject matters. Contemporary theories have been badly served by failing to acknowledge this. Taking the full measure of this insight requires a major conceptual reorientation in action theory, the philosophy of mind, and epistemology, which is begun in this book. As it can be said to be the principal thought animating Kant and his Idealist successors that self-consciousness occupies this central position, the book can be read as an attempt to recover and rejuvenate the achievement of the German Idealist tradition."	Sebastian Ro_dl	BD450.R5556 2007The return of Ulysses : a cultural history of Homer's Odyssey 	"The travels and travails of Homer's resourceful hero have thrilled countless generations of listeners and readers, who for almost three millennia have breathlessly followed his voyage home from Troy to Ithaca. Edith Hall explains our enduring fascination with this epic in terms of its extraordinary openness to adaptation and reinterpretation. Not only has the narrative been read to reflect a wide range of intellectual and aesthetic agendas, but it has been perhaps uniquely fertile in generating new artistic forms. Creative responses to the Odyssey have included the tragedies of classical Athens and the burlesque of Aristophanes as well as more recent genres such as travelogue, science fiction, the novel, opera, film, children's books, and detective stories. Hall traces fifteen key themes in the Odyssey to illuminate the innumerable ways it has affected the cultural imagination.--From publisher description."	Edith Hall	PA4167.A2H35 2008Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince  	"The War Against Voldemort is not going well; even Muggle governments are noticing. Ron scans the obituary pages of the Daily Prophet, looking for familiar names. Dumbledore is absent from Hogwarts for long stretches of time, and the Order of the Phoenix has already suffered losses. And yet ... As in all wars, life goes on. Sixth-year students learn to Apparate-and lose a few eyebrows in the process. The Weasley twins expand their business. Teenagers flirt and fight and fall in love. Classes are never straightforward, though Harry receives some extraordinary help from the mysterious Half-Blood Prince. So it's the home front that takes center stage in the multilayered sixth installment of the story of Harry Potter. Here at Hogwarts, Harry will search for the full and complex story of the boy who became Lord Voldemort - and thereby find what may be his only vulnerability.--Jacket.;Sixth-year Hogwarts student Harry Potter gains valuable insights into the boy Voldemort once was, even as his own world is transformed by maturing friendships, schoolwork assistance from an unexpected source, and devastating losses."	J K Rowling	PZ7.R79835Halc 2005Authority and the female body in the writings of Julian of Norwich and Margery Kempe  	"The writing of Julian of Norwich and Margery Kempe show an awareness of traditional and contemporary attitudes towards women, in particular medieval attitudes towards the female body. This study examines the extent to which they make use of such attitudes in their writing, and investigates the importance of the female body as a means of explaining their mystical experiences and the insight gained from them; in both writers, the female body is central to their writing, leading to a feminised language through which they achieve authority and create a space in which they can be heard, particularly in the context of their religious and mystical experiences.;The three archetypal representations of woman in the middle ages, as mother, as whore and as 'wise woman', are all clearly present in the writings of Julian of Norwich and Margery Kempe; in examining the ways in which both writers make use of these female categories, Dr. McAvoy establishes the extent of their success in resolving the tension between society's expectations of them and their own lived experiences as women and writers.--Jacket."	Liz Herbert McAvoy	PR275.M9H47 2004The genome generation  	"The year 2001 saw the completion of the human genome project, the culmination of a fourteen-year, {dollar}3 billion international race to read every letter of the code that makes up a human being. Reading this code was the most profound revelation in the history of knowledge, with the potential to unveil the secret of what makes us human. After three years of investigation, Elizabeth Finkel brings us the biggest news stories from the genetics frontier. She looks at the revolution in the areas of medicine, agriculture and evolution, travelling from Botswana to Boston, from Singapore to Mexico, from wheatfields in the Wimmera plains to laboratories all over Australia to help us understand what is happening in 'The Genome Generation'--Page 4 of cover."	Elizabeth Finkel	QH447.F56 2012Microbial inhabitants of humans : their ecology and role in health and disease 	"This advanced textbook provides a unique overview of the microbial communities inhabiting those regions of the human body that are exposed to the external environment; these include the skin, eyes, oral cavity, and the respiratory, urinary, reproductive, and gastrointestinal tracts. To understand why particular organisms are able to colonize an anatomical region and why the resulting microbial community has a particular composition, an ecological approach is essential. Consequently, the key anatomical and physiological characteristics of each body site are described to show how these influence the nature of the environment at that site. Microbial Inhabitants of Humans is a core text-book for advanced students taking courses in microbiology, medical micro-biology, microbial ecology, and human biology.--Jacket."	Michael Wilson	QR46.W7493 2005Bohuslav Martinu_ : a research and information guide 	"This annotated bibliography uncovers the wealth of resources available to prospective researchers and supports emerging scholarship and inquiry into the life and music of this Czech composer. It includes all secondary sources on Martinu and his music, as well as chronology of his life and a complete list of works [Publisher description]."	Robert C Simon	ML134.M44S56 2014The destruction of Da Derga's hostel : kingship and narrative artistry in a mediaeval Irish saga 	"This book ... aims to show how one particularly celebrated saga 'works' as a story: the Middle Irish tale Togail Bruidne Da Derga (The Destruction of Da Derga's Hostel), which James Carney called 'the finest saga of the early period'. This book invites the reader to enjoy and understand this literary masterpiece, explaining its narrative artistry within its native, classical and biblical literary contexts. Against a historical backdrop of shifting ideologies of Christian kingship, it interprets the saga's possible significance for contemporary audiences as a questioning exploration of the challenges and paradoxes of kingship."	Ralph O'Connor	PB1397.T652O27 2013"Muslims and the state in Britain, France, and Germany  "	"This book analyzes state accommodation of Muslims' religious practices in Britain, France, and Germany, first examining three major theories: resource mobilization, political-opportunity structure, and ideology. It then proposes an additional explanation, arguing that each nation's approach to Muslims follows from its historically based church-state institutions.--Jacket."	Joel S Fetzer	D1056.2.M87F48 2005The limits of altruism in democratic Athens  	"This book argues that, contrary to how Athenians idealized themselves, they felt little pressure as individuals to help fellow citizens and did not feel strongly obliged as a group to help peoples of other states--Provided by publisher.;The Philanthropic Athenian? Athenians in the classical period (508-322 BC) were drawn to an image of themselves as a compassionate and generous people, who rushed to the aid of others in distress at home and abroad. Litigants in the popular courts appeal to this ideal when they call upon large panels of jurors collectively to intervene and help them against their unjust opponents with a favorable verdict. Speakers delivering funeral orations for the state's war dead portray Athenians as valiant rescuers of their Greek neighbors from mythical times on. Tragedians bring on stage mythical instances of Athenians helping desperate suppliants from other states. Orators addressing the Assembly sometimes invoke this tradition of helping others when urging their audiences to vote in favor of intervention abroad. In light of how prominently this heroic image of Athenians as noble helpers figures in public discourse, we can have little doubt that this was a central element of civic ideology. It is reasonable to ask, however, what relation this image bears to actual Athenian behavior at home and abroad and to what extent it simplifies or distorts Athenian attitudes toward helping others. This study focuses on how helping figured in Athenians' relations with their fellow citizens, their city, and other Greek city-states rather than on the role of helping in the more intimate relationships of family members and friends. The latter subject has drawn considerable scholarly attention in recent decades in work on the Athenian family and friendship, and there is a general consensus that Athenians, like other Greeks, were under strong pressure to help their family members and friends--Provided by publisher."	Matthew Robert Christ	JC75.A48C47 2012Latin word order : structured meaning and information 	"This book begins by introducing the reader to the linguistic concepts, formalism, and analytical techniques necessary for the study of Latin word order. It then proceeds to present and analyze a representative selection of data in sufficient detail for the reader to develop both an intuitive grasp of the often rather subtle principles controlling Latin word order and a theoretically grounded understanding of the system that underlies it.;Combining the rich empirical documentation of traditional philological approaches with the deeper theoretical insight of modern linguistics, this work aims to reduce the intricate surface patterns of Latin word order to a simple and general cross-categorical system of syntactic structure which translates into constituents of pragmatic and semantic meaning. The book will be useful for advanced students and scholars in the fields of linguistics, Latin, and classics.--Jacket."	A M Devine	PA2293.D48 2006The politics of food supply : U.S. agricultural policy in the world economy 	"This book deals with an important and timely issue: the political and economic forces that have shaped agricultural policies in the United States during the past eighty years. It explores the complex interactions of class, market, and state as they have affected the formulation and application of agricultural policy decisions since the New Deal, showing how divisions and coalitions within Southern, Corn Belt, and Wheat Belt agriculture were central to the ebb and flow of price supports and production controls. In addition, the book highlights the roles played by the world economy, the civil rights movement, and existing national policy to provide an invaluable analysis of past and recent trends in supply management policy."	William Winders	HD9006.W56 2009Electronic imaging in astronomy : detectors and instrumentation 	"This book describes the remarkable developments that have taken place in astronomical detectors and instrumentation in recent years, from the invention of the charge-coupled divide (CCD) in 1970 to the current era of very large telescopes. It includes all the key methods used to obtain astronomical images across the entire spectrum, and uses the story of the charge-coupled device to link many of them together. The book's unique approach blends scientific motivation, a focus on specific instrumentation, and a thorough description of electronic imaging technology across a range of wavelengths.--Jacket."	Ian S McLean	QB51.3.I45M36 2008A windfall of musicians : Hitler's emigres and exiles in southern California 	"This book examines the brilliant gathering of composers, conductors, and other musicians who fled Nazi Germany and arrived in the Los Angeles area. Musicologist Dorothy Lamb Crawford looks closely at the lives, creative work, and influence of sixteen performers, fourteen composers, and one opera stage director who joined this immense migration beginning in the 1930s.--Jacket."	Dorothy L Crawford	ML200.7.C2C73 2009"Strangers and misfits : banishment, social control, and authority in early modern Germany "	"This book examines the role of banishment in sixteenth-century Ulm, an important south German city-state, using the town's experience to uncover how early modern magistrates used expulsion to regulate and reorder society. This investigation sheds new light on the application of authority, the intersection between official disciplinary efforts and customary behavioral norms, and the function of public expulsion in displaying and defending social hierarchies, issues central to our historical understanding of the period.--Jacket."	Jason Philip Coy	DD901.U4C68 2008Campus Martius : the Field of Mars in the life of ancient Rome 	This book explores the factors that contributed to the transformation of the Campus Martius into a space filled with extraordinary Roman architectural structures.	Paul W Jacobs	DG66.J33 2014Florentine villas in the fifteenth century : an architectural and social history 	This book investigates the architecture and patronage strategies of Florentine villas in 15th century Italy.	Amanda Lillie	NA7594.L55 2005Text and image in medieval Persian art  	"This book investigates the interaction between word and image in medieval Persian art. Greater Iranian arts from the 10th to the 16th century are technically some of the finest produced anywhere. They are also intellectually engaging, showing the lively interaction between the verbal and the visual arts. Focusing on objects found in the main media at the time, Sheila S. Blair shows how artisans played with form, material and decoration to engage their audiences. She also shows how the reception of these objects has changed and that their present context has implications for our understanding of the past. It is lavishly illustrated in colour. It features five case studies - on ceramics, metalwares, painting, architecture and textiles - that showcase the variety of Persian art. It investigates the interaction between the visual and the verbal in a multi-lingual society. It looks at the transformation of everyday objects into works of art. It is written by one of the foremost experts in Persian art."	Sheila Blair	N7280.B63 2014Graffiti and the writing arts of early modern England  	"This book investigates writing practices such as graffiti, tattooing and inscriptions on implements, jewellery, clothing and other objects in early modern England. The incidence of graffiti in this period has never been documented as such; the occurrence of tattooing has been unknown; inscribed objects, though often carefully preserved, are not usually considered as literary works. These are writing practices that invite us to imagine a world in which writing and drawing were not fully distinguishable, the page was not an important boundary, and modern assumptions as to what constitutes literacy, either in writing or in reading, were irrelevant. Juliet Fleming's exploration of these virtually unknown literary artefacts provides a startling new perspective on sixteenth-century culture, one that requires us to re-examine what we thought we knew about writing, literature and their history in England.--Jacket."	Juliet Fleming	PE877.F57 2001b"Greek epigram in reception : J.A. Symonds, Oscar Wilde, and the invention of desire, 1805-1929 "	"This book is a chronological survey of the reception of the Greek Anthology (a Byzantine collection of ancient Greek short poems known as epigrams). Tracing the strange evolution of the Greek Anthology from the early nineteenth century to the years after the first World War, the volume analyses the complex webs of rhetoric that are spun as writers and translators bring their different agendas to bear on the Anthology's text, pruning it to meet their needs. As so little was known about its poets, and because it stood for the Greeks and their culture, the text became the battleground during the 1870s-90s on which normative and dissident interpretations of Ancient Greece were fought out. An emergent mass readership became caught between opposing and rhetorically loaded accounts, casting the Anthology, and thus the ancient race on whom the British were supposed to be modelling themselves, as patriots and doting spouses or as lovers of male Beauty, like the Decadent sensation Oscar Wilde. from dust jacket."	Gideon Nisbet	PA3459.N57 2013Six-membered transition states in organic synthesis  	"This book is a definitive guide for furthering readers' understanding of the amazing features of six-membered transition states in stereoselective organic reactions. Comprehensive and logically organized, it: Covers reactions classified in four categories: [3,3]-sigmatropic rearrangements, aldol reactions, metal allylation reactions, and stereoselective reductions; Includes General Considerations for each category in which the author presents computational studies that support a proposal of a six-membered state; Provides a thorough discussion of each reaction category, including an introduction and history, a discussion of the corresponding six-membered transition state, and details of synthetic applications in natural product synthesis; Incorporates real-life applications of these transition states to the total syntheses of biologically active natural products; and Covers literature up to 2006, with the original references cited for further study. This is a premier reference for organic chemists, medicinal chemists, and physical organic chemists and researchers in industries and institutes focusing on fine chemicals, including pharmaceuticals, agriculture/biotech, and polymers/materials. It is also an illuminating text for upper-level undergraduate and graduate students in organic chemistry. The author's primary goal is to assist professors, researchers, and students in proposing reasonable transition states for the description of newly discovered stereoselective reactions.--Jacket."	Jaemoon Yang	QD502.5.Y36 2008From demon to darling : a legal history of wine in America 	"This book is a fascinating chronicle of the history of wine in the United States told through the lens of the law. From the country's early support for wine as a beverage to the moral and religious fervor that resulted in Prohibition and to the governmental controls that followed Repeal, the author takes us to the present day--and to the emergence of an authentic and significant wine culture. He explains how current laws shape the wine industry in such areas as pricing and taxation, licensing, appellations, health claims and warnings, labeling, and domestic and international commerce. As he explores these and other legal policy issues, he highlights the concerns that have made wine alternately the demon and the darling of American society--and at the same time illuminates the ways in which lives and livelihoods are affected by the rise and fall of social movements."	Richard Mendelson	KF3924.W5M46 2009Tensors and manifolds : with applications to physics 	"This book is a new edition of Tensors and Manifolds: With Applications to Mechanics and Relativity which was published in 1992. It is based on courses taken by advanced undergraduate and beginning graduate students in mathematics and physics, giving an introduction to the expanses modern mathematics and its application in modern physics. It aims to fill the gap between the basic courses and the highly technical and specialised courses which both mathematics and physics students require in their advanced training, while simultaneously trying to promote, at an early stage, a better appreciation and understanding of each other's discipline.;The book sets forth the basic principles of tensors and manifolds, describing how the mathematics underlies elegant geometrical models of classical mechanics, relativity and elementary particle physics.--Jacket."	Robert Wasserman	QC20.7.C28W39 2004Concise physical chemistry  	"This book is a physical chemistry textbook that presents the essentials of physical chemistry as a logical sequence from its most modest beginning to contemporary research topics. Many books currently on the market focus on the problem sets with a cursory treatment of the conceptual background and theoretical material, whereas this book is concerned only with the conceptual development of the subject. It contains mathematical background, worked examples and problem sets. Comprised of 21 chapters, the book addresses ideal gas laws, real gases, the thermodynamics of simple systems, thermochemistry, entropy and the second law, the Gibbs free energy, equilibrium, statistical approaches to thermodynamics, the phase rule, chemical kinetics, liquids and solids, solution chemistry, conductivity, electrochemical cells, atomic theory, wave mechanics of simple systems, molecular orbital theory, experimental determination of molecular structure, and photochemistry and the theory of chemical kinetics--Provided by publisher."	Donald W Rogers	QD453.3.R63 2011Threads of identity : preserving Palestinian costume and heritage 	"This book is a record of the 50 years Widad Kawar spent researching, collecting and preserving part of the heritage of Palestine. This endeavor evolved into the Widad Kawar Collection, the largest to date of Palestinian, Jordanian and other Arab traditional dress and accessories, comprising more than 2,000 items. In the following chapters she presents the story of how the collection evolved and she introduces the life stories of the women who produced the beautiful costumes it contains. For her, each item calls to mind an individual or a place: a wife, a mother, a daughter, a family, a house, a village, a town, a field, a market. Each item was worn on special occasions, happy and sad, that marked the owner's life. Much of Widad's knowledge stems from the personal narratives of these women whose embroidery and dress-making skills she so admires. With this book she pays homage to Palestinian women. Threads of Identity is a history of Palestinian women of the 20th century told through aspects of popular heritage, focusing on traditional dresses but also including textiles and rug weaving, rural and urban customs, cuisine, and festivities. The interviews with women who lived through the traumas and changes of the 20th century are a contribution to oral history, augmenting standard historical accounts. While most writing about the Middle East concentrates on politics, her book focuses on the dignity of ordinary people, and women in particular, bridging the gap between the major events of history and everyday life. -- Book Description."	Widad Kawar	GT1430.P19K393 2011xThe craft of research  	"This book is a resource for researchers at every level, from first-year undergraduates to research reporters at corporations and government offices. Seasoned researchers and educators, the authors present an updated third edition of their classic handbook which explains how to build an argument that motivates readers to accept a claim; how to anticipate the reservations of readers and to respond to them appropriately; and how to create introductions and conclusions that answer that most demanding question, So what?. It includes an expanded discussion of the essential early stages of a research task: planning and drafting a paper. The authors have revised and fully updated their section on electronic research, emphasizing the need to distinguish between trustworthy sources (such as those found in libraries) and less reliable sources found with a quick Web search. A chapter on warrants has also been thoroughly reviewed to make this difficult subject easier for researchers. Throughout, the authors have preserved the amiable tone, the reliable voice, and the sense of directness that have made this book indispensable for anyone undertaking a research project."	Wayne C Booth	Q180.55.M4B66 2008The elements of Cantor sets : with applications 	"This book is a thorough introduction to the Cantor (Ternary) Set and its applications and brings together many of the topics (advanced calculus, probability, topology, and algebra) that mathematics students are required to study, but unfortunately are treated as separate ideas. This book successfully bridges the gap between how several mathematical fields interact using Cantor Sets as the common theme. While the book is mathematically self-contained, readers should be comfortable with mathematical formalism and have some experience in reading and writing mathematical proofs. Chapter coverage includes: a biography of Cantor; an introduction to the Cantor (Ternary) Set; Self-Similar Sets and Fractal Dimensions; sums of Cantor Sets; the role of Cantor Sets to create pathological functions; and additional topics such as continued fractions, Ana Sets, and p-adic numbers--Provided by publisher."	Robert W Vallin	QA612.V35 2013The joy of factoring  	"This book is about the theory and practice of integer factorization presented in a historic perspective. It describes about twenty algorithms for factoring and a dozen other number theory algorithms that support the factoring algorithms. Most algorithms are described both in words and in pseudocode to satisfy both number theorists and computer scientists. Each of the ten chapters begins with a concise summary of its contents. The book starts with a general explanation of why factoring integers is important. The next two chapters present number theory results that are relevant to factoring. Further on there is a chapter discussing, in particular, mechanical and electronic devices for factoring, as well as factoring using quantum physics and DNA molecules. Another chapter applies factoring to breaking certain cryptographic algorithms. Yet another chapter is devoted to practical vs. theoretical aspects of factoring. The book contains more than 100 examples illustrating various algorithms and theorems. It also contains more than 100 interesting exercises to test the reader's understanding. Hints or answers are given for about a third of the exercises. The book concludes with a dozen suggestions of possible new methods for factoring integers. This book is written for readers who want to learn more about the best methods of factoring integers, many reasons for factoring, and some history of this fascinating subject. It can be read by anyone who has taken a first course in number theory.--Publisher's description."	Samuel S Wagstaff	QA241.W29 2013Rape and the politics of consent in classical Athens  	"This book is an in-depth study of the topic of rape in classical Athens. Its central focus is on violent sexual encounters but it also raises questions about the nature and ingredients of any type of sexual activity in Athens. In particular it concentrates on two related areas: the law of classical Athens, especially as represented by speeches delivered in court, and the plays of Menander. These work at complementary levels in respect of period, subject matter and concerns with social conformity, while at the same time being widely different genres of discourse. It is argued that within the evaluation of heterosexual activity in Athens considerations about the consent of the female party were never the key factor. Rather it was the status of the two parties, in social, marital and political terms, which ultimately determined whether or not a sexual act was regarded as acceptable.--BOOK JACKET."	Rosanna Omitowoju	HV6569.G82A846 2002Goethe's Faust and cultural memory : comparatist interfaces 	"This book is an interdisciplinary collection of essays examining Goethe's Faust and its derivatives in European, North American, and South American cultural contexts. It takes both a canonic and archival approach to Faust in studies of adaptations, performances, appropriations, sources, and the translation of the drama contextualized within cultural environments ranging from Gnosticism to artificial intelligence. Lorna Fitzsimmons' introduction sets this scholarship within a critical framework that draws together work on intertextuality and memory. Alan Corkhill looks at the ways in which the authority of the word is critiqued in Faust and Marlowe's Dr. Faustus. Robert E. Norton revisits the question of Herder as Faust and the early twentieth-century context in which the claim resonated. J.M. van der Laan explores the symbolic possibilities of the mysterious Eternal-Feminine. Frederick Burwick examines Coleridge's critique of Goethe's Faust and his own plans for a Faustian tale on Michael Scott. Andrew Bush demonstrates how Estanislao del Campo's poem Fausto retells Gounod's opera in the sociolect of Argentine gauchos. David G. John examines complete productions of Goethe's Faust by Peter Stein and the Goetheanum. Jo_rg Esleben surveys contemporary Canadian interplay with Goethe's Faust. Susanne Ledanff discusses the significance of Goethe's Faust for Werner Fritsch's avant-garde Theater of the Now. Bruce J. MacLennan examines Faust from the perspective of a researcher in several Faustian technologies: artificial intelligence, autonomous robotics, artificial life, and artificial morphogenesis.--Publisher's website."	Lorna Fitzsimmons	PN6071.F33F58 2012"Metadata for digital resources : implementation, systems design and interoperability "	"This book is intended to assist information professionals in improving the usability of digital objects by adequately documenting them and using tools for metadata management. It provides practical advice for libraries, archives, and museums dealing with digital collections in a wide variety of formats and from a wider variety of sources. This book is forward-thinking in its approach to using metadata to drive digital library systems, and will be a valuable resource for those creating and managing digital resources as technologies for using those resources grow and change. This book will be a valuable resource for librarians and information professionals planning or implementing digital projects in cultural heritage institutions. Students in library and information science will gain an introduction to the complex and interrelated challenges to creating high-quality, interoperable digital resources. - Publisher."	Muriel Foulonneau	Z666.7.F68 2008Turner : the great watercolours 	This book is published to accompany the Royal Academy's unparalleled survey of Turner's watercolours.	Eric Shanes	ND1942.T8A4 2000Brendan Behan : cultural nationalism and the revisionist writer 	"This book offers a reassessment of the work of Brendan Behan (1923-64), author of The quare fellow, The hostage and Borstal boy. It charts Behan's intellectual journey from his early imitations of Republican verse and song to his formulation of a literature which could articulate a thoroughly postcolonial, critical nationalism. Brendan Behan moves beyond the popular image of Behan as a stage-Irish rebel and presents his writings as complex representations of the construction and negotiation of identity and culture. This book argues that Behan's work expands the anti-colonial project of Irish revival writings to articulate a revisionist critique of post-independence Irish nationalism.--Jacket."	John Brannigan	PR6003.E417Z625 2002The tragedy of finitude : Dilthey's hermeneutics of life 	"This book offers a reevaluation and fresh analysis of Dilthey's hermeneutics of life against the background of the development of philosophy during the past two centuries.;Jos de Mul relates Dilthey's work to other philosophers who influenced or were influenced by him, including Kant, Schleiermacher, Hegel, Comte, Mill, Nietzsche, Husserl, Heidegger, Gadamer, and Derrida. Weaving together systematic analysis and historical investigation, de Mul begins the book with an account of the horizon against which Dilthey developed his unfinished masterwork, Critique of Historical Reason.;The author then elaborates a systematic reconstruction of Dilthey's ontology of life. In the final section of the book, Dilthey's hermeneutic ontology is confronted with the works of Heidegger, Gadamer, and Derrida, and its relevance in current philosophical debate is evaluated.--Jacket."	Jos de Mul	B3216.D84M85 2004Marc Chagall and his times : a documentary narrative 	"This book presents a new and comprehensive biography of one of the most prominent artists of the twentieth century in dialogues with the events and ideologies of his time. It includes hundreds of private letters and documents written by Chagall and his contemporaries in Russian, Yiddish, French, English, and other languages, translated by Benjamin and Barbara Harshav into English and placed in their personal and historical context. The narrative encompasses Chagall's long life (1887-1985) in Russia, France, and the United States, as well as in Germany and Israel. It also explores his deep roots in folk culture, his personal relationships and loves, and his involvement with the art of the Russian Revolution, Surrealism, Communism, Zionism, Yiddish literature, and the State of Israel. The book exposes the complex relationships between Chagall's three cultural identities: Jewish, Russian, and French. It is a biography of the turbulent times of the twentieth century and the transformations of a Jew in it - his meteoric rise from the ghetto of the Russian Pale of Settlement to the centers of modern culture. Marc Chagall and His Times provides a major contribution to the understanding of some of the central problems of modern art: originality, the interaction between the formal discoveries of the avant garde and cultural or multi-cultural representation, and the relations between an artist's art and his personal biography.--Jacket."	Benjamin Harshav	N6999.C46H37 2004Fixed point theory and applications  	"This book provides a clear exposition of the flourishing field of fixed point theory. Starting from the basics of Banach's contraction theorem, most of the main results and techniques are developed: fixed point results are established for several classes of maps and the three main approaches to establishing continuation principles are presented. The theory is applied to many areas of current interest in analysis. Topological considerations play a crucial role, including a final chapter on the relationship with degree theory. Researchers and graduate students in applicable analysis will find this to be a useful survey of the fundamental principles of the subject. The very extensive bibliography and close to 100 exercises mean that it can be used both as a text and as a comprehensive reference work, currently the only one of its type.--Jacket."	Ravi P Agarwal	QA329.9.A337 2001"Globalisation, development and transition : conversations with eminent economists "	"This book provides a comprehensive survey of the major economic issues that have helped shape the modern world. It includes discussions of the latest research findings in the international economic development literature and scrutinises some of the most important debates in contemporary economics. Brian Snowden examines the many controversies relating to long-run growth and development, problems of transitions from socialism to capitalism, international competitiveness and the impacts of globalisation.--Jacket."	Brian Snowdon	HF1359.S597 2007Monte Carlo strategies in scientific computing  	"This book provides a self-contained and up-to-date treatment of the Monte Carlo method and develops a common framework under which various Monte Carlo techniques can be standardized and compared. Given the interdisciplinary nature of the topics and a moderate prerequisite for the reader, this book should be of interest to a broad audience of quantitative researchers such as computational biologists, computer scientists, econometricians, engineers, probabilists, and statisticians. It can also be used as the textbook for a graduate-level course on Monte Carlo methods. Many problems discussed in the later chapters can be potential thesis topics for master's or Ph. D. students in statistics or computer science departments.--Jacket."	Jun S Liu	Q180.55.S7L58 2001The museum establishment and contemporary art : the politics of artistic display in France after 1968 	"This book provides an in-depth account of the protests that shook France in 1968 and which served as a catalyst to a radical reconsideration of artistic practice that has shaped both art and museum exhibitions up to the present Rebecca J. DeRoo examines how issues of historical and personal memory, the separation of public and private domains, and the ordinary objects of everyday life emerged as central concerns for museums and for artists, as both struggled to respond to the protests.--Jacket."	Rebecca J DeRoo	N2010.D47 2006Ancient Egypt : an introduction 	This book provides an introduction to one of the greatest civilizations of all time - ancient Egypt.--Back cover.	Salima Ikram	DT61.I45 2010Pliny's catalogue of culture : art and empire in the Natural History 	"This book reveals how Pliny's presentation of Greek art is profoundly Roman; and that beyond his account of Greek sculpture and painting, Pliny stands as an equally important source on Roman art - whether in his discussion of Roman portraiture or early imperial monuments. The author argues that Pliny's art history can only be properly understood when viewed within the wider context of the work as a whole. From this perspective the chapters on art cease to become an isolated collection of facts on the art and artists of the Ancient World, and emerge instead as an essential part of Pliny's sophisticated project to transform his encyclopaedic account of the world into a catalogue of Roman world empire.--Jacket."	Sorcha Carey	N5613.C37 2003"The princess nun : Bunchi, Buddhist reform, and gender in early Edo Japan "	"This book tells the story of Bunchi (1619-1697), daughter of Emperor Go-Mizunoo and founder of EnshMji. Bunchi advocated strict adherence to monastic precepts while devoting herself to the posthumous welfare of her family. As the first full-length biographical study of a premodern Japanese nun, this book incorporates issues of gender and social status into its discussion of Bunchi's ascetic practice and religious reforms to rewrite the history of Buddhist reform and Tokugawa religion."	Gina Cogan	BQ942.U555C64 2014Philosophy and melancholy : Benjamin's early reflections on theater and language 	"This book traces the concept of melancholy in Walter Benjamin's early writings. Rather than focusing on the overtly melancholic subject matter of Benjamin's work or the unhappy circumstances of his own fate, Ferber considers the concept's implications for his early thought. Informed by Heidegger's discussion of moods and their importance for philosophical thought, she contends that a melancholic mood is the organizing principle or structure of Benjamin's early metaphysics and ontology. Her novel analysis of Benjamin's arguments about theater and language features a discussion of the Trauerspiel book that is among the first in English to scrutinize the baroque plays themselves. Philosophy and Melancholy also contributes to the history of philosophy by establishing a strong relationship between Benjamin and other philosophers, including Leibniz, Kant, and Heidegger.--Back cover."	Ilit Ferber	B3209.B584F465 2013In memory of her : a feminist theological reconstruction of Christian origins 	This brilliant scholarly treatise succeeds in bringing to our consciousness women who played an important role in the origins of Christianity.	Elisabeth Schu_ssler Fiorenza	BR129.S365 1994Understanding comics : [the invisible art] 	"This comic book provides a detailed look at the history, meaning, and art of comics and cartooning."	Scott McCloud	PN6710.M335 1994Childhood in a global perspective  	"This compelling new book offers a unique global perspective on children's lives throughout the world. It shows how the notion of childhood is being radically re-shaped, in part as a consequence of globalization. Taking an engaging historical and comparative approach, the book discusses wide-ranging issues such as children and war, child labour and young people's activism around the globe."	Karen Wells	HQ767.9.W457 2009A handbook of real variables : with applications to differential equations and Fourier analysis 	"This concise real analysis handbook takes into account the fundamentals of the classical theory of the subject and sheds light on its significant applications to differential equations and Fourier analysis. It de-emphasizes proofs and instead stresses concepts, examples and insights."	Steven G Krantz	QA331.5.K7 2004Death in a church of life : moral passion during Botswana's time of AIDS 	"This deeply insightful ethnography explores the healing power of caring and intimacy in a small, closely bonded Apostolic congregation during Botswana's HIV/AIDS pandemic. Death in a Church of Life paints a vivid picture of how members of the Baitshepi Church make strenuous efforts to sustain loving relationships amid widespread illness and death. Over the course of long-term fieldwork, Frederick Klaits discovered Baitshepi's distinctly maternal ethos and the 'spiritual' kinship embodied in the church's nurturing fellowship practice. Klaits shows that for Baitshepi members, Christian faith is a form of moral passion that counters practices of divination and witchcraft with redemptive hymn singing, prayer, and the use of therapeutic substances. An online audio annex makes available examples of the church members' preaching and song."	F Klaits	BV4460.7.K53 2010Environmentally sensitive maintenance practices for dirt and gravel roads  	This field guide is organized to identify visual signs of problems associated with CAUSES and SOLUTIONS for the most commonly encountered road problems.	Steve Bloser	TE230.B58 2012Round Top Butte Research Natural Area. 	This guidebook describes major biological and physical attributes of the 243-ha (600-ac) Round Top Butte Research Natural Area. The area supports high-quality examples of valley upland grasslands and savanna of the Cascade foothills. Plant communities include Oregon white oak (Quercus garryana) savanna and open woodland with forbs and grasses; ponderosa pine (Pinus ponderosa)-Oregon white oak woodland; bluebunch wheatgrass-California oatgrass-Lemmon's needlegrass (Pseudoroegneria spicata-Danthonia californica-Achnatherum lemmonii) grasslands; and tufted hairgrass (Deschampsia cespitosa)-California oatgrass vernally flooded prairie.	Marcia L Wineteer	QH76.5.O7W56 2014Images : iconography of music in African-American culture (1770s-1920s) 	"This illustrated book brings together for the first time a significant body of imagery devoted to the expressive culture of African Americans from the 1770s to the 1920s. It includes over 250 paintings, engravings, and drawings which depict scenes of music, dance, religious practice, and storytelling in the everyday lives of blacks in their own, private social world.;Here you will find images of country dances, corn-husking frolics, rural festivities, hunting, political gatherings, children at play, weddings, parades, the Negro burial, and many other themes. Over 120 artists are represented, including such eminent nineteenth- and early twentieth-century American painters as Thomas Eakins, Charles Demuth, Eastman Johnson, Winslow Homer, and William Sidney Mount, as well as lesser-known but important artists. This book is not a social history; instead, it allows the visual imagery to tell its own story.;The authors focus on identifying, describing, and analyzing the cultural art forms and activities that lie at the roots of African-American traditional culture as represented in the pictorial record.--Jacket."	Eileen Southern	ML3556.S738 2000"McKeachie's teaching tips : strategies, research, and theory for college and university teachers "	"This indispensable handbook provides helpful strategies for dealing with both the everyday challenges of university teaching and those that arise in efforts to maximize learning for every student. The suggested strategies are supported by research and adaptable to specific classroom situations. Rather than suggest a set of recipes to be followed mechanically, the book gives instructors the tools they need to deal with the ever-changing dynamics of teaching and learning."	Marilla D Svinicki	LB2331.M394 2014Before George Eliot : Marian Evans and the periodical press 	"This interdisciplinary study discusses the significance of Evans's work as a journalist, editor and serial-fiction writer in the periodical press from the late 1840s to the late 1850s and positions this early career against critical responses to Evans's later literary persona, George Eliot. Author argues that Evans's association with the nineteenth-century periodical industry, that dominant cultural force of the age, is important for its illumination of Evans's understanding of the formation of reading audiences, the development of literary genres and the cultivation of literary celebrity--Provided by publisher."	Fionnuala Dillane	PR4688.D55 2013The disabled state  	"This is a book about the defining assumptions and assumed definition of the welfare state. It is a work that pulls apart social categories like disability or need and shows how they function politically and where they come from historically. For many years, the welfare state was expanding. In those times, advocates for many new groups of people were able to win through the political process the extension of benefits to their constituents. Definitions of need, worth, and eligibility were changed so that more people became entitled to payments. The opposite trend is in effect now. Most advanced industrial states have experienced some form of fiscal crisis, and their governments are taking a hard look at how they define who is eligible for support. One major category is disability. But who is disabled, and who decides that? Though doctors certify disability for the state, Stone argues that the concept of disability is fundamentally the result of political conflict about distributive criteria and the appropriate recipients of social aid.The concept also has a social history and a social context today. Despite the very real stigma of the world disabled in other settings, being disabled for welfare purposes means being morally worthy. Like the deserving poor of English Poor Law, the disabled would work if they could. Isn't disability something that can be measured scientifically and apolitically determined? That argument breaks down in the face of a simple example: blindness. Many blind people can work, yet because of the obviousness of the condition and sympathy it arouses, the blind have always been considered eligible for benefits without question.;'The concern with welfare cheats is not a new one. The author reaches back several centuries to trace the fascinating history of this and other aspects of welfare policy in Germany, England, and the United States. What she finds are elaborate tests to weed out fraudulent applicants (beggars with faked afflictions) and changing criteria to distinguish the able from the disabled. Author note: Deborah A. Stone is Associate Professor of Political Science a the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She is author of The Limits of Professional Power: National Health Care in the Federal Republic of Germany.'--from books.google.com.hk."	Deborah A Stone	HD7105.2.S86 1984"The radical and the Republican : Frederick Douglass, Abraham Lincoln, and the triumph of antislavery politics "	"This is a book about two towering figures in our nation's history. It is a moving story about an improbable friendship, and an important story about an equally improbable alliance. [In the book, the author] has written a ... narrative history. He brings these two iconic figures to life and sheds new light on the central issues of slavery, race, and equality in Civil War America.-Dust jacket."	James Oakes	E449.D75O15 2007"South China in the twelfth century : a translation of Lu Yu's travel diaries, July 3 - December 6, 1170 "	"This is a complete annotated translation of Ju-Shu Chi, or The diary of a journey to Szechwan, written by Lu Yu (1125-1210) during his travels from Shan-yin (modern Shao-hsing, Chekiang) to K'uei-chou (modern Feng-chief, Szechwan), from July to December 1170. The long journey totaling some 1800 miles lasted 157 days."	You Lu	PL2687.L8Z46513 1981Thomas Pynchon  	"This is a comprehensive study of the most influential figure in postwar American literature. Over a writing career spanning more than fifty years, Thomas Pynchon has been at the forefront of America's engagement with postmodern literary possibilities. In chapters that address the full range of Pynchon's career, from his earliest short stories and first novel, V., to his most recent work, this book offers highly accessible and detailed readings of a writer who is indispensable to understanding how the American novel has met the challenges of postmodernity. The authors discuss Pynchon's relationship to literary history, his engagement with discourses of science and utopianism, his interrogation of imperialism and his preoccupation with the paranoid sensibility. Invaluable to Pynchon scholars and to everyone working in the field of contemporary American fiction, this study explores how Pynchon's complex narratives work both as exuberant examples of formal experimentation and as serious interventions in the political health of the nation.--Page 4 of cover."	Simon Malpas	PS3566.Y55Z6956 2013Fruitlands : the Alcott family and their search for utopia 	"This is a definitive account of Fruitlands, one of history's most unsuccessful, but most significant, utopian experiments. It was established in Massachusetts in 1843 by Bronson Alcott (whose ten year old daughter Louisa May, future author of Little Women, was among the members) and an Englishman called Charles Lane, under the watchful gaze of Emerson, Thoreau, and other New England intellectuals. Alcott and Lane developed their own version of the doctrine known as Transcendentalism, hoping to transform society and redeem the environment through a strict regime of veganism and celibacy. But physical suffering and emotional conflict, particularly between Lane and Alcott's wife, Abigail, made the community unsustainable. Drawing on the letters and diaries of those involved, the author explores the relationship between the complex philosophical beliefs held by Alcott, Lane, and their fellow idealists and their day to day lives. The result is a vivid and often very funny narrative of their travails, demonstrating the dilemmas and conflicts inherent to any utopian experiment and shedding light on a fascinating period of American history."	Richard Francis	HX656.F78F73 2010"British drama, 1533-1642 : a catalogue "	"This is a detailed play-by-play catalogue of drama written by English, Welsh, Irish, and Scottish authors during the 110 years between the English Reformation to the English Revolution, covering every known play, extant and lost, including some which have never before been identified. It is based on a complete, systematic survey of the whole of this body of work, presented in chronological order. Each entry contains comprehensive information about a single play: its various titles, authorship, and date; a summary of its plot, list of its roles, and details of the human and geographical world in which the fictional action takes place; a list of its sources, narrative and verbal, and a summary of its formal characteristics; details of its staging requirements; and an account of its early stage and textual history."	Martin Wiggins	Z2014.D7W544 2012"The three amigos : the transnational filmmaking of Guillermo del Toro, Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu, and Alfonso Cuaron "	"This is the first academic book dedicated to the filmmaking of the Mexican born directors, Guillermo del Toro, Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu, and Alfonso Cuaron. The book examines the career trajectories of the directors and presents a detailed analysis of their most significant films. These include studies on del Toro's Cronos/Chronos, El laberinto del fauno/Pan's Labyrinth and Hellboy II: The Golden Army; Inarritu's Amores Perros, 21 Grams and Babel; and Cuaron's Solo con tu pareja/Love in the Time of Hysteria, Y tu mama tambien, and Children of Men.--Page 4 of cover."	Deborah Shaw	PN1993.5.M4S53 2013Tyranny : a new interpretation 	This is the first comprehensive exploration of ancient and modern tyranny in the history of political thought--Provided by publisher.	Waller R Newell	JC381.N43 2013"Lucan and the sublime : power, representation and aesthetic experience "	"This is the first systematic study of the sublime in Lucan. Drawing upon renewed critical interest in the tradition of philosophical aesthetics, Henry Day argues that the category of the sublime offers a means of moving beyond readings of Lucan's epic poem Bellum Civile in terms of political commitment or nihilism. Demonstrating in dialogue with theorists from Burke and Kant to Freud, Lyotard and Ankersmit the continuing vitality of Longinus' foundational treatise On the Sublime, Day charts Lucan's complex and instructive exploration of the relationship between sublimity and ethical discourses of freedom and oppression. Through its representation of the apocalypse of civil war and metapoetic accounts of its own genesis, through its heated linguistic texture and proclaimed effects upon future readers, and, most powerfully of all, through its representation of its twin protagonists Caesar and Pompey, the Bellum Civile emerges as a central text in the history of the sublime--Provided by publisher."	Henry J M Day	PA6480.D39 2013Raising the dead : early medieval name stones in Northumbria 	"This is the first work to explore and explain the form, function, and theological meaning of Northumbrian name stones, both in their immediate Insular setting and within a wider European context. Earlier studies have concentrated on the archaeological and epigraphic aspects of these monuments, which has resulted in a tentative dating framework but also a blanket designation of 'gravestones'. This book challenges the assumptions behind this designation and focuses on the iconography of name stones as a reflection of theological ideas of the period, based on a central hypothesis that many emulate the format of manuscript pages. The author also addresses the contentious question of the placing of name stones, in particular whether some stones were actually placed in the grave. Her analysis presents not only evidence of differential burial practices within the same Northumbrian cemeteries, but offers parallel examples from other monastic sites in both Britain and the Continent.--Cover."	Christine Maddern	NB1830.M33 2013The making of Samuel Beckett's L'innommableThe unnamable  	"This is the second volume of the 'Beckett Digital Manuscript Project', which studies Beckett's works. The BDMP digitally reunites the dispersed manuscripts of Beckett's works and facilitates their examination. The project consists of two parts: a digital archive of Beckett's manuscripts, with facsimiles and transcriptions, organized in modules; and a series of print volumes, analyzing the genesis of Beckett's works."	Dirk van Hulle	PQ2603.E378I6326 2014Reflections on exile and other essays  	"This Long-Awaited Collection of literary and cultural essays by Edward W. Said, the first since Harvard University Press published The World, the Text, and the Critic in 1983, reconfirms what no one can doubt -- that Said is the most impressive, consequential, and elegant critic of our time -- and offers further evidence of how much the fully engaged critical mind can contribute to the reservoir of value, thought, and action essential to our lives. As in the title essay, the widely admired Reflections on Exile, the fact of his own exile and the fate of the Palestinians have given both form and the force of intimacy to the questions Said has pursued. Taken together, these essays -- from the famous to those that will surprise even Said's most assiduous followers -- afford rare insight into the formation of a critic and the development of an intellectual vocation. Said's topics are many and diverse, from the movie heroics of Tarzan to the machismo of Ernest Hemingway to the shades of difference that divide Alexandria and Cairo. He offers major reconsiderations of writers and artists such as George Orwell, Giambattista Vico, Georg Lukacs, R.P. Blackmur, E.M. Cioran, Naguib Mahfouz, Herman Melville, Joseph Conrad, Walter Lippmann, Samuel Huntington, Antonio Gramsci, and Raymond Williams. Said makes a strong and eloquent attack on what he calls aestheticized powerlessness, a habitual stance of many in the academy. Most of the key debates in the humanities over the last thirty years are taken up in this book, and a number of them are given definitive treatment here."	Edward W Said	PN98.P64S35 2000"Percy Bysshe Shelley : a biography : youth's unextinguished fire, 1792-1816 "	"This major biography of Shelley, England's most radical and controversial Romantic poet, is the first to appear in thirty years. Integrating the author's extensive research and recent Shelley scholarship, the biography stresses the intimate relationship between the poet's writing and his complex personality. Explored in this volume is Shelley's rejection of his aristocratic family's conformist values, his alienation from his parents after dismissal from Oxford for publishing atheistic views, and his quickly formed disastrous first marriage. His political activism in Ireland, his elopement with Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin (after his first wife's suicide), and the loss of legal custody of his children are also discussed. Calling poets the unacknowledged legislators of the world, Shelley left an unmatched literary legacy, espousing love, nonviolence, championing freedom, and decrying political, religious, and sexual tyranny. This biography stresses a central aspect of Shelley's development, the three-generational conflict involving his namesake paternal grandfather, his father, and himself. Significant new information concerning his grandfather's life is presented, beginning with his birth in New Jersey in 1731. At least equally influential was Shelley's independent, rather libidinal mother. Presented for the first time are details of her background and letters, which include descriptions of her young son's pranks. Shelley's pursuit of knowledge never ceased. His extensive intellectual interests included classical literature, philosophy, the natural sciences, proficiency in languages, foreign cultures, and the psychology of the day. Shelley never met his poetic forbears, Coleridge and Wordsworth. His complicated relationships included the literary luminaries Lord Byron, John Keats, Leigh Hunt, Thomas Love Peacock, Robert Southey, William Godwin, and Mary Shelley. Mary, enduring Shelley's continuing need for the presence of her stepsister Claire Clairmont in their home, became her deceased husband's first important editor. This volume ends after Shelley's important Swiss summer of 1816 with Byron. A latter volume will cover Shelley's Italian years, the circumstances of his death in 1822, and the subsequent lives of his intimates.--Jacket."	James Bieri	PR5432.B54 2004"A manual for writers of research papers, theses, and dissertations : Chicago Style for students and researchers "	"This manual has a three-part structure, beginning with an overview of the steps in the research and writing process, including formulating questions, reading critically, building arguments, and revising drafts. Part II provides an overview of citation practices with detailed information on the two main scholarly citation styles (notes-bibliography and author-date), an array of source types with contemporary examples, and detailed guidance on citing online resources. The final section treats all matters of editorial style, with advice on punctuation, capitalization, spelling, abbreviations, table formatting, and the use of quotations. Style and citation recommendations have been revised throughout to reflect the sixteenth edition of The Chicago Manual of Style."	Kate L Turabian	LB2369.T8 2013History of the Ptolemaic empire  	This narrative is a comprehensive guide in English to the rise and decline of Ptolemaic rule in Egypt over three centuries - from the death of Alexander in 323 BC to the tragic deaths of Antony and Cleopatra in 30 BC. The integration of material from an array of sources allows the reader to trace the political and religious development of one of the most powerful empires of the ancient eastern Mediterranean. It shows how the success of the Ptolemies was due in part to their adoption of many features of the Egyptian Pharaohs who preceded them - their deification and funding of cults and temples throughout Egypt. --From publisher's description.	Gunther Holbl	DT92.H6513 2001New rules of sociological method : a positive critique of interpretative sociologies 	This new edition of a standard work--used as a text throughout the world--has been thoroughly re-edited and revised. In it Giddens tells how he believes social theory should be constructed and conducted and offers a critique of schools of social thought that continues to occupy a place in contemporary debates. -- Product Description.	Anthony Giddens	HM24.G447 1993Devil on the cross  	This remarkable and symbolic novel centers around Wariinga's tragedy and uses it to tell a story of contemporary Kenya faced with the satan of capitalism. Ngugi has directed his writing even more firmly towards the commitment that he shows in Writers in Politics and Detained: A Writer's Prison Diary. The novel was written secretly in prison on the only available material -- lavatory paper. It was discovered when almost complete but unexpectedly returned to him on his release. Such was the demand for the original Gikuyu edition that it reprinted on publication.	 Ngu_g__ wa Thiong_o	PL8379.9.N4C313 1982"Community energy management in Sitka, Alaska : what strategies can help increase energy independence? "	"This report summarizes practical energy management strategies that could help communities in southeast Alaska move closer to energy independence while utilizing local resources more effectively. Our analysis focuses primarily on Sitka, Alaska, yet could be relevant to other communities having similar energy structures that rely primarily on hydroelectric power--Preliminary page."	David L Nicholls	TJ808.7.A43N53 2013Ecoregion-based design for sustainability  	"This richly illustrated volume completes Robert G. Bailey's celebrated study of ecoregions, begun in the landmark Ecosystem Geography (1996) and further articulated in Ecoregions (1998). In this third installment, the author expands his system for defining large-scale ecological zones to encompass principles of land management, regional planning, and design. In an engaging, nontechnical discussion, he shows how larger patterns and processes that characterize a region--its climate, topography, soils, vegetation, fauna, and human culture--provide essential keys to the sustainability of ecosystems. Ecoregion-Based Design for Sustainability will be welcomed by land and resource managers, landscape architects and urban planners, ecologists, students, and anyone interested in ecology-based design. Bob Bailey [is] the man behind the ecosystem mapping of the world.--Lingua Franca Reviews of Ecoregions: The book provides easy access to the geographic distribution, characteristics, and processes operating behind every major ecosystem in the world. -Geoscience Canada Ecoregions offers an invaluable source of description, interpretation and analysis of global patterns of ecosystem distribution and successfully provides the reader with a means of making sense of these patterns. -Geography Robert G. Bailey is a geographer with the United States Forest Service in Fort Collins, Colorado. Formerly the leader of the agency's Ecosystem Management Analysis Center, he is currently in charge of ecoregion studies at the Inventory and Monitoring Institute."	Robert G Bailey	QH541.15.L35B35 2002"Space and power : politics, war, and architecture "	"This scholarly account of the various ways in which space is configured by power, and in which space becomes a resource for power, combines insights from social theory, politics, history and geography."	Paul Q Hirst	JC323.H57 2005Electrochemistry  	"This second, completely updated edition of a classic textbook provides a concise introduction to modern electrochemistry, from physicochemical fundamentals to modern extensions of the discipline into such areas as semiconductor and bioelectrochemistry, electrocatalysis, novel solvents and materials, new theoretical approaches and electrochemical instabilities. Throughout the text, emphasis is placed on technical applications such as fuel cells, Li-ion batteries, super capacitors and technical electrolysis.--Jacket."	Carl H Hamann	QD553.H29 2007Germans going global : contemporary literature and cultural globalization 	"This study examines the impact of globalization on Germany's literary field. It investigates how German-language writers born between 1955 and 1975 respond to the pressures of globalizing factors, and how these influence notions of authorship. Germans Going Global offers detailed analyses of the material and aesthetics of cultural production. The literary marketplace, constructions of authorship through old and new media, public debates about literary aesthetics, and fictional texts from the late 1990s through the first millennial decade are the issues in focus."	Anke S Biendarra	PT111.B54 2012Language and gender  	"This study explores aspects of discourse and the way discourses in society represent ideas about the sexes. It reveals how texts are covertly gendered, with embedded ideas about the way men and women are."	Angela Goddard	P120.S48G63 2000A sociology of immigration : (re)making multifaceted America 	"This study focuses on the interactive framework in which immigrants, responding to circumstances not of their choosing, nonetheless make history. Though the book is shaped by an underlying theoretical framework, the key theoretical issues are explored through a comparison of eight different groups, providing rich, empirical, grounded material. As the groups range widely in origins and immigrant experiences, they shed light on one of the salient aspects of the contemporary immigrant phenomenon, namely its diversity. The concluding chapter offers a thoughtful review of the main agendas of immigration research in different regions of the world followed by the author's suggestions regarding better-informed cross-national/regional studies in this field.--Book cover."	Ewa T Morawska	JV6475.M64 2009Stumpage market integration in western national forests  	"This study presents results of statistical tests for stumpage market integration on 62 national forests in the Western United States. Quarterly stumpage prices from 1984 to 2007 obtained from cut and sold reports for USDA Forest Service Regions 1, 4, 5, and 6 (Northern, Intermountain, Pacific Southwest, and Pacific Northwest, respectively) were analyzed to establish the presence and extent of national forest timber markets. Statistical evidence suggests that prices from the Beaverhead-Deerlodge and Salmon-Challis Forests and the Kootenai and Idaho Panhandle Forests are linked and that only these two sets of forests can be modeled as integrated stumpage markets. Aside from these four forests, there is no evidence that the law of one price holds for national forest timber markets in the West."	Jean M Daniels	HD9757.W47D36 2011Painting culture : the making of an aboriginal high art 	"This text tells the complex story of how, over the past three decades, the acrylic dot paintings of central Australia were transformed into objects of international high art, eagerly sought by upscale galleries and collectors."	Fred R Myers	DU125.P48M94 2002Animal behavior  	"This textbook covers the broad sweep of animal behavior from its neurological underpinnings to the importance of behavior in conservation. The authors, Michael Breed and Janice Moore, bring almost 60 years of combined experience as university professors to this textbook, much of that teaching animal behavior. An entire chapter is devoted to the vibrant new field of behavior and conservation, including topics such as social behavior and the relationship between parasites, pathogens and behavior. Thoughtful coverage has also been given to foraging behavior, mating and parenting behavior, anti-predator behavior and learning. This text addresses the physiological foundations of behavior in a way that is both accessible and inviting. Each chapter begins with learning objectives and concludes with thought-provoking questions. Additionally, special terms and definitions are highlighted throughout. Animal Behavior provides a rich resource for students (and professors) from a wide range of life science disciplines. It provides a solid background in the neurophysiological and endocrinological bases of animal behavior as well as exceptionally strong coverage of social behavior. It includes behavior and homeostatic mechanisms, behavior and conservation, and behavioral aspects of disease. It highlights aspects of behavior that relate to domestic animals in particular. Lab manual with fully developed and tested laboratory exercises is available for courses that have labs. This title features companion site for faculty and students to enhance their learning experience."	Michael D Breed	QL751.B6836 2012Prosopography of Greek rhetors and sophists of the Roman Empire  	"This volume - the first project of its kind in the field - collates c. 1200 biographical entries on Greek sophists and rhetors who flourished in the Roman Empire from the first to the seventh century AD. Ancient Greek sophists, the masters of speech and teachers of rhetoric, constituted one of the most important and interesting intellectual circles of the ancient world. The prosopography provides comprehensive information on sophists and their activities, using abundant and varied source material such as literary texts (including those of the rhetors themselves) and papyrological, epigraphic, and numismatic evidence. Each entry provides data (where available) on sources in which the person is attested, biographical details, career, and rhetorical activity. This book constitutes a basis and a tool for subsequent in-depth studies on the Greek Sophistic movement, as well as a useful reference book for students and all those interested in the culture of the ancient world."	Pawe_ Janiszewski	PA4272.A6J36 2015"Martial, Book VII : a commentary "	"This volume is the first comprehensive commentary on the seventh book of Martial's epigrams. The introduction discusses the date of publication of Martial's books, the themes of the epigrams of book seven as well as the transmission of the text. The author pays special attention to the adulation of Domitian in book seven, the satirization of lawyers, legacy-hunters, parasites and dinner-guests, and hetero- and homosexuality. The commentary, preceded by a revised edition of Shackleton Bailey's Teubner edition (1990), focuses on literary, linguistic and metrical matters. Thematic relationships with other books of Martial and other Greek and Latin literature are highlighted. Attention is also paid to the use of recurrent motifs, obscene language, puns, double meanings and proper names. Readership: All those interested in Classical Studies, especially in Greek and Latin Literature. Scholars and Students of Greek or Latin Language. University Libraries.--Jacket."	Guillermo Gala_n Vioque	PA6501.B7G35 2002Ancient letters and the New Testament : a guide to context and exegesis 	"This volume places the New Testament letters squarely in the middle of all the important letter corpora of antiquity. Chapters cover the basic letter formula, papyrus and postal delivery, non-literary and diplomatic correspondence, Greek and Latin literary letters, epistolary theory, letters in early Judaism, and all the letters of the New Testament. Part I of each chapter surveys each corpus, followed by detailed exegetical examples in Part II. Comprehensive bibliographies and 54 exercises with answers suit this guide to student and scholar alike.--Publisher's website."	Hans-Josef Klauck	BS2635.6.L3K5313 2006Athenian democracy : a sourcebook 	"This volume presents a wide range of literary and epigraphic sources on the history of the world's first democracy, offering a comprehensive survey of the key themes and principles of Athenian democratic culture. Beginning with the mythical origins of Athenian democracy under Theseus and describing the historical development of Athens' democratic institutions through Solon's reforms to the birth of democracy under Cleisthenes, the book addresses the wider cultural and social repercussions of the democratic system, concluding with a survey of Athenian democracy in the Hellenistic and Roman age. All sources are presented in translation with full annotation and commentary and each chapter opens with an introduction to provide background and direction for readers. Sources include material by Aristotle, Homer, Aristophanes, Herodotus, Thucydides, Cicero, Tacitus and many others. The volume also includes an A-Z of key terms, an annotated bibliography with suggestions for further reading in the primary sources as well as modern critical works on Athenian democracy, and a full index--Provided by publisher."	Luca Asmonti	JC75.D36A76 2015La Chronique anonyme universelle : reading and writing history in fifteenth-century France 	"This volume presents the first comprehensive study of the Chronique Anonyme Universelle, a lavishly illustrated scroll history of the world from Creation to the fifteenth century. Working in a French noble library around the year 1410, the anonymous compiler of the Chronique told the story of humanity - nearly six thousand years by his reckoning - by editing historical texts at his disposal, arranging them in parallel columns on a vertical scroll, and filling the inter-columnar space with complex genealogical diagrams. The Chronique reflects a particular and particularly French self-image and worldview that become increasingly apparent as the reader traverses its direct and unbroken line from the Bible, Egypt, Greece and Troy to the histories of the Papacy, the Roman and Holy Roman Empires, the Crusades, and the royal houses of France and England.-- Provided by publisher."	Lisa Fagin Davis	D17.C525 2014Motherhood as metaphor : engendering interreligious dialogue 	"This volume takes women's voices and experiences as the primary data for thinking about interfaith encounter in the modern world. It places original work on women in mission, the secular women's movement and women in interreligious dialogue in conversation with theological anthropology, feminist theory and theology--Provided by publisher.;Who is my neighbor? As our world has increasingly become a single place, this question posed in the gospel story is heard as an interreligious inquiry. Yet studies of encounter across religious lines have largely been framed as the meeting of male leaders. What difference does it make when women's voices and experiences are the primary data for thinking about interfaith engagement? Motherhood as Metaphor draws on three historical encounters between women of different faiths: first, the archives of the Maryknoll Sisters working in China before the Second World War; second, the experiences of women in the feminist movement around the globe; and third, a contemporary interfaith dialogue group in Philadelphia. These sites provide fresh ways of thinking about our being human in the relational, dynamic messiness of our sacred, human lives. Each part features a chapter detailing the historical, archival, and ethnographic evidence of women's experience in interfaith contact through letters, diaries, speeches, and interviews of women in interfaith settings. A subsequent chapter considers the theological import of these experiences, placing them in conversation with modern theological anthropology, feminist theory, and theology. Women's experience of motherhood provides a guiding thread through the theological reflections recorded here. This investigation thus offers not only a comparative theology based on believers' experience rather than on texts alone, but also new ways of conceptualizing our being human. The result is an interreligious theology, rooted in the Christian story but also learning across religious lines--Provided by publisher."	Jeannine Hill Fletcher	BL458.F59 2013Empire and history writing in Britain c. 1750-2012  	"This wide-ranging and accessible book examines the effects of British imperial involvements on history writing in Britain since 1750. It provides a chronological account of the development of history writing in its social, political, and cultural contexts, and an analysis of the structural links between those involvements and the dominant concerns of that writing. The author looks at the impact of imperial and global expansion on the treatment of government, of social structures and changes and of national and ethnic identity in scholarly and popular works, in school histories, and in famous history books. 0In a clear and student-friendly way, the book argues that involvement in empire played a transformative and central role within history writing as whole, reframing its basic assumptions and language, and sustaining a significant imperial influence across generations of writers and diverse types of historical text.0."	Joanna De Groot	DA16.G766 2013The science fiction dimensions of Salman Rushdie  	"This work focuses on the science fictional dimensions of Rushdie's later novels, Fury, The Ground Beneath Her Feet, Shalimar the Clown and Luka and the Fire of Life, and Rushdie's first unpublished novel, The Antagonist, to show how the author's oeuvre moves towards a more consistent engagement with science fiction as a generic form and an ideological investment--Provided by publisher."	Yael Maurer	PR6068.U757Z7656 2014The helmet of horror : the myth of Theseus and the minotaur 	"This work is a very original modern-day retelling of the Greek tale of Theseus and the Minotaur. The two main characters try to communicate through the Internet, using the narratives of classical mythology. It's main premise is that with all the information we now have at our fingertips real knowledge is unattainable."	Viktor Pelevin	PG3485.E38S5613 2006"Warped space : art, architecture, and anxiety in modern culture "	This work traces the emergence of a psychological idea of space from Pascal to Freud to the identification of agoraphobia and claustrophobia in the 19th- and 20th-century theories of spatial alienation/estrangement.	Anthony Vidler	NA2765.V53 2000"The long march of pop : art, music, and design, 1930-1995 "	"Thomas Crow's paradigm-changing book challenges existing narratives about the rise of Pop Art by situating it within larger cultural tides. While American Pop was indebted to its British predecessor's insistence that any creative pursuit is worthy of aesthetic consideration, Crow demonstrates that this inclusive attitude also had strong American roots. Folk becomes Crow's starting point in the advance of Pop. The folk revival occurred chiefly in the sphere of music during the 1930s and '40s, while folk art surfaced a decade later in the work of Jasper Johns and Robert Rauschenberg. Crow eloquently examines the subsequent explosion of commercial imagery in visual art, alongside its repercussions in popular music and graphic design. Pop's practitioners become defined as artists whose distillation of the vernacular is able to capture the feelings stirring among a broad public, beginning with young participants in the politicized 1960s counterculture. Woody Guthrie and Roy Lichtenstein, Andy Warhol and Bob Dylan, Ed Ruscha and the Byrds, Pauline Boty and the Beatles, the Who and Damien Hirst are all considered together with key graphic designers such as Milton Glaser and Rick Griffin in this engaging book.--Provided by publisher."	Thomas E Crow	N6494.P6C76 2014Thomas Hirschhorn : Deleuze monument 	"Thomas Hirschhorn's Deleuze monument was conceived for 'La beaute' in Avignon in 2000. It comprised four elements: a rock inscribed with a quotation, an altar, a monumental sculpture and a library including books by and about Deleuze. Located in the Cite Champfleury, outside Avignon's historical walls, Deleuze monument embodied Hirschhorn's desire to put his work 'in a difficult situation' between reality, politics and aesthetics, and marks a significant turning point in his approach to producing and maintaining public works--Page 4 of cover."	Anna Dezeuze	N7153.H57D49 2014Three sisters  	"Three sisters. Three thousand miles from home. Overworked Olga, wild Masha and idealistic Irina dream of returning. Living in a world of deceit, desire and hard drinking, it's difficult but is there something else holding them back? Reinterpreted for the 21st century by Anya Reiss--Page 4 of cover."	Anya Reiss	PR6118.E596T47 2014The politics of the piazza : the history and meaning of the Italian square 	"Through a detailed study of the principal spaces of Italian cities, this book explores the relationship between political systems and their methods of representation in architecture. It examines approximately 70 significant piazzas and situates these in their social and political contexts."	Eamonn Canniffe	NA9070.C36 2008Slavery and American economic development  	"Through an original analysis of slavery as an economic institution, Gavin Wright presents a fresh look a the economic divergence between North and South in the antebellum era. Wright draws a distinction between slavery as a form of work organization (the aspect that has dominated historical debates) and slavery as a set of property rights. Slaves could be purchased and carried to any location where slavery was legal; they could be assigned to any task regardless of gender or age; they could be punished for disobedience, with no effective recourse to the law; they could be accumulated as a form of wealth; they could be sold or bequeathed.;Wright argues that slave-based commerce was central to the eighteenth-century rise of the Atlantic economy, not because slave plantations were superior as a method of organizing production, but because slaves could be put to work on sugar plantations that could not have attracted free labor on economically viable terms--Jacket."	Gavin Wright	E441.W93 2006"The forging of a black community : Seattle's Central District, from 1870 through the Civil Rights Era "	"Through much of the twentieth century, black Seattle was synonymous with the Central District - a four-square-mile section near the geographic center of the city. Quintard Taylor explores the evolution of this community from its first few residents in the 1870s to a population of nearly forty thousand in 1970. With events such as the massive influx of rural African Americans beginning with World War II and the transformation of African American community leadership in the 1960s from an integrationist to a black power stance, Seattle both anticipates and mirrors national trends. Thus, the book addresses not only a particular city in the Pacific Northwest but also the process of political change in black America. This book places black urban history in a broader framework than most urban case studies by analyzing racial perceptions, attitudes, and expectations in light of the presence of another people of color, Asian Americans. Asians rather than blacks were Seattle's largest racial minority until World War II. Their presence limited African American employment and housing opportunities by drawing blacks into intense competition with the city's Chinese, Japanese, and Filipino populations. Yet the virulent racism of the 1890-1940 era, usually directed against blacks in urban communities, was diffused among Seattle's four nonwhite groups. Consequently, Asians and blacks, admittedly uneasy neighbors, became partners in coalitions challenging racial restrictions while remaining competitors for housing and jobs. Taylor explores the intersection of race and class in a city with a decidedly liberal and at times radical political culture. He finds that while local blacks operated in a racial environment that allowed relatively open social interaction, at the same time they were subject to restricted employment opportunities, preventing rapid growth of the African American population. Taylor argues that black Seattle was poised between two worlds, attempting to meld the values and traditions of its rural past with the requisites of modern urban-industrial society. Thus the community ethos was forged by the process in which the values of the rural, predominantly southern migrants - kinship networks, religious and folk beliefs, and sense of shared community - were transformed in the urban environment. This volume will be of special interest to those studying African American history, urban history and social relations, regional history, and ethnic group relations as well as to scholars of Pacific Northwest and western history."	Quintard Taylor	F899.S49N475 1994Prints and engraved illustrations by and after Henry Fuseli : a catalogue raisonne_ 	"Throughout his lifetime the name Henry Fuseli (1741-1825) was constantly invoked as the epitome of untrammelled genius and originality. In our own day he is recognised not only as a seminal figure in the rise of Romanticism but as a great artist and master illustrator in his own right. He is also the only member of the Royal Academy ever to hold the positions of Professor of Painting and Keeper in that institution concurrently.;This comprehensive catalogue of the prints and engraved illustrations by and after Henry Fuseli explores the nature and extent of Fuseli's role as history painter cum illustrator. It documents the intricate financial, artistic and business practices that shaped the complex working relationships between artist, engraver, printer and publisher.;Such materials also help elucidate how engraved versions of Fuseli's and other artists' paintings stimulated public interest in the arts and literature, thereby becoming an important means of cultural transmission to the middle class."	David H Weinglass	NE710.F87A4 1994David Mamet and male friendship : buddy plays and buddy films 	"Throughout most of history, deep male bonds anchored a man's life. Why, then, are male friendships so impoverished in America today? Mamet's plays and films dramatize the conflicts, contradictions, and covert affection between men. No other American playwright has explored the war zone we call male friendship with as sharp a scalpel as Mamet's. His work shows both the necessity of and the difficulty in male friendships. Using insights from psychology, sociology, anthropology, and the history of sexuality, Holmberg explores the ambiguity that drives male bonding. Personal interviews with Mamet and with the actors who have interpreted his major roles shed new light on how and why men bond with each other and complement - in an unexpected and unique way - Holmberg's close analysis of Mamet's texts.--Publishers website."	Arthur Holmberg	PS3563.A4345Z65 2014The textuality of soulwork : Jack Kerouac's quest for spontaneous prose 	"Tim Hunt's The Textuality of Soulwork: Jack Kerouac's Quest for Spontaneous Prose examines Kerouac's work from a new critical perspective with a focus on the author's unique methods of creating and working with text. Additionally, The Textuality of Soulwork delineates Kerouac's development of Spontaneous Prose to differentiate the preliminary experiment of On the Road from the more radical experiment of Visions of Cody, and to demonstrate Kerouac's transition from working within the textual paradigm of modern print to the textual paradigm of secondary orality. From these perspectives, Tim Hunt crafts a new critical approach to Beat poetics and textual theory, marking an important contribution to the current revival of Kerouac and Beat studies underway at universities in the U.S. and abroad, as reflected by a growing number of conferences, courses, and a renewal in scholarship. -- Publisher."	Tim Hunt	PS3521.E735Z685 2014And away we go  	"Times change, but life in the theatre remains the same: chaotic, sometimes brutal, but often euphoric, too. And Away We Go jumps through time from backstage in ancient Athens to a rehearsal at the Globe, from Versailles' Royal Theatre to the first reading of a new play by Chekhov--with an unlikely stop in Coral Gables and the American premiere of Waiting for Godot along the way--Page 4 of cover."	Terrence McNally	PS3563.A323A75 2014"A portrait of the artist as a young man : authoritative text, backgrounds and contexts, criticism "	"Traces the childhood, adolescence, and early adulthood of Stephen Dedalus, a character based on author James Joyce's life. Includes essays on related history and contexts, a selection of criticism, and a bibliography."	James Joyce	PR6019.O9P63 2007Islanders : the Pacific in the age of empire 	"Traces the history and experiences of the Pacific Islanders during the age of empires, describing encounters between the Islanders and Europeans and discussing the region's culture and development."	Nicholas Thomas	DU29.T47 2010The lucky ones : one family and the extraordinary invention of Chinese America 	Traces three generations of a Chinese-American family from its patriarch's self-invention as an immigration broker in post-gold rush San Francisco to the family's intimate involvement in the 1904 World's Fair.	Mae M Ngai	F869.S39C555 2010Rendez-vous with art  	"Transcribed conversations between a former longtime director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and an art critic, recording their reactions to works of art at museums in six countries over a period of two years.;Beginning with a fragment of yellow jasper--all that is left of the face of an Egyptian woman who lived 3,500 years ago, more enigmatic than the Mona Lisa--this book confronts the elusive questions: how, and why, do we look at art? The authors talked in art galleries, churches and museums around the world, and their book is structured around their journeys. But whether they were in the Louvre or the Prado, the Mauritshuis or the Palazzo Pitti, they reveal the pleasures of truly looking at works of art--as well as some of the pitfalls. This is neither a work of art history nor of art criticism--though it touches on aspects of both. Nor is it a conventional travel book, though to write it the authors met on two continents and in six countries. Always their destination was some outstanding collection or individual work of art, and the resulting discussion started from what they saw. The result is highly unusual and very personal: a book about what it feels like to experience pictures and sculptures. Both men convey, with subtlety and brilliance, the delights and significance of their subject matter--some of the greatest creations of human beings through our long history."	Philippe De Montebello	N7477.D46 2014Understanding Truman Capote  	"Truman Capote--along with his most famous works In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's--continues to have a powerful hold over the American popular imagination. His glamorous lifestyle, which included hobnobbing with the rich and famous and frequenting the most elite nightclubs in Manhattan, makes him the subject of ongoing interest for public and academic audiences alike. In Understanding Truman Capote, Thomas Fahy provides a new direction for Capote studies that offers a way to reconsider the author's work. By reading Capote's work in its historical context, Fahy reveals the politics shaping his writing and refutes any notion of Capote as disconnected from the political. Instead this study positions him as a writer deeply engaged with the social anxieties of the 1940s and 1950s. Understanding Truman Capote also applies a highly interdisciplinary framework to the author's writing that includes discussions of McCarthyism, the Lavender Scare, automobile culture, juvenile delinquency, suburbia, Beat culture, the early civil rights movement, female sexuality as embodied by celebrities such as Marilyn Monroe, and atomic age anxieties. This new approach to Capote studies will be of interest in the fields of literature, history, film, suburban studies, sociology, gender/sexuality studies, African American literary studies, and American and cultural studies. Capote's writing captures the isolation, marginalization, and persecution of those who deviated from or failed to achieve white middle-class ideals and highlights the artificiality of mainstream idealizations about American culture. His work reveals the deleterious consequences of nostalgia, the insidious impact of suppression, the dangers of Cold War propaganda, and the importance of equal rights. Ultimately Capote's writing reflects a critical engagement with American culture that challenges us to rethink our understanding of the 1940s and 1950s."	Thomas Richard Fahy	PS3505.A59Z645 2014New Tunisian cinema : allegories of resistance 	"Tunisian cinema is often described as the most daring of all Arab cinemas. For many, Tunisia appeared to be a model of equipoise between East and West, and yet, during Zine El Abidine Ben Ali's presidency, from 1987 to 2011, the country became the most repressive state in the Maghreb. Against considerable odds, a generation of filmmakers emerged in the mid-1980s to make films that are allegories of resistance to the increasingly illiberal trends that were marking their society. In New Tunisian Cinema, Robert Lang focuses on eight films by some of the nation's best-known directors, including Man of Ashes (1986), Bezness (1992) and Making Of (2006) by Nouri Bouzid, Halfaouine (1990) by Ferid Boughedir, The Silences of the Palace (1994) by Moufida Tlatli, Essaida (1997) by Mohamed Zran, Bedwin Hacker (2002) by Nadia El Fani, and The TV Is Coming (2006) by Moncef Dhouib. He explores the political economy and social, historical, and psychoanalytic dimensions of these works and the strategies filmmakers deployed to preserve cinema's ability to shape debates about national identity. These debates, Lang argues, not only helped initiate the 2011 uprising that ousted Ben Ali's regime but also did much to inform and articulate the aspirations of the Tunisian people in the new millennium."	Robert Lang	PN1993.5.T75L36 2014The property  	"TV producer Mica Segal accompanies her grandmother, Regina, on the old lady's first return to Warsaw since she fled, pregnant by a gentile with Mica's late father, to Palestine in 1939. On the plane, the son of a friend of Regina's ebulliently accosts the women and thereafter seems to show up wherever they go, even separately. Mica shakes him by dodging into a cafe, where she meets a charming Pole who leads Jewish history tours. Not by chance, Regina comes on her own to the same cafe to meet an old man who lives in the building--yes, Mica's grandfather. While the purpose of the trip is to assert Regina's title to a building her parents had owned, what develops is an intrafamilial tiff, an ultimately fulfilling reunion, and the possible start of a romance."	Rutu Modan	PN6790.I73M6313 2013On the death and life of languages  	"Twenty-five languages die each year; at this pace, half the world's five thousand languages will disappear within the next century. In this book, the author seeks to make clear the magnitude of the cultural loss represented by the crisis of language death. By focusing on the relationship of language to culture and the world of ideas, the author shows how languages are themselves crucial repositories of culture; the traditions, proverbs, and knowledge of our ancestors reside in the language we use. His examination covers all continents and language families to uncover not only how languages die, but also how they can be revitalized--for example in the remarkable case of Hebrew."	Claude Hage_ge	P40.5.L33H3413 2009The curse of Van Gogh  	"Tyler Sears, art thief, just released from a federal prison, vows never again. He slides into a simple life bartending in NYC until one day an invitation arrives to the hottest art event of the season, where Tyler meets Komate Imasu, famed art collector. Suddenly Tyler's vows of abstinence slip away as Imasu uses threats against Tyler's family. Tyler quickly learns that gambling against a ruthless billionaire is never a good idea. Forgetting his own safety, Tyler plunges headfirst into a world of art forgers, hit men, yakuza, a femme fatale named Chanel N5, and the hideous curse of van Gogh, in order to pull off the greatest art heist in history--Amazon.com."	Paul Hoppe	PS3608.O66C87 2014The secret history  	"Under the influence of their charismatic classics professor, a group of clever, eccentric misfits at an elite New England college discover a way of thinking and living that is a world away from the humdrum existence of their contemporaries. But when they go beyond the boundaries of normal morality their lives are changed profoundly and forever, and they discover how hard it can be to truly live and how easy it is to kill."	Donna Tartt	PS3570.A657S4 1992Unhurried vision  	"Underneath the art of poetry exists the tradition of the journal - the attempt to capture and reveal the world as it passes by. Observations, reflections, and ideas accumulate to form connections and reveal process, content and story. Unhurried Vision is a record of the year 1999, and continues Michael Rothenberg's experiment with the journal. This is the year Philip Whalen became terminally ill and Rothenberg began taking care of him, pulled together Whalen's archives and library and edited his book of selected poems, Overtime. Political, personal, and romantic, Unhurried Vision works to savor the impermanent, looking at the moments in a poet's life, contemplating the body of experience.;It is the mind on a quiet stroll through longing, loss and beauty.--Jacket."	Michael Rothenberg	PS3568.O8619U54 2003Understanding David Henry Hwang  	"Understanding David Henry Hwang is a critical study of Hwang's playwriting process as well as the role of identity in each one of Hwang's major theatrical works. A first-generation Asian American, Hwang intrinsically understands the complications surrounding the competing attractiveness of an American identity with its freedoms in contrast to the importance of a cultural and ethnic identity connected to another society. William C. Boles examines Hwang's plays by exploring the perplexing struggles surrounding Asian and Asian American stereotypes, values, and identity. Boles argues that Hwang deliberately uses stereotypes in order to subvert them, while at other times he embraces the dual complexity of ethnicity when it is tied to national identity and ethnic history. In addition to the individual questions of identity as they pertain to ethnicity, Boles discusses how Hwang's plays explore identity issues of gender, religion, profession, and sexuality. The volume concludes with a treatment of Chinglish, both in the context of rising Chinese economic prominence and Hwang's previous work.--Publisher's description."	William C Boles	PS3558.W83Z55 2013"Unruly media : YouTube, music video, and the new digital cinema "	"Unruly Media argues that we are the crest of a new international style in which sonic and visual parameters become heightened and accelerated. This audiovisual turn calls for new forms of attention. Post-classical cinema, with its multi-plot narratives and flashy style, fragments under the influence of audiovisual numbers and music-video-like sync. Music video becomes more than a way of selling songs. YouTube's brief, low-res clips encompass many forms and foreground reiteration, graphic values and affective intensity. These three media are riven by one another ..."	Carol Vernallis	PN1992.8.M87V48 2013Rescuing da Vinci : Hitler and the Nazis stole Europe's great art : America and her allies recovered it 	"Uses photographs to tell the untold story of the Monuments Men and their discovery of more than 1,000 repositories, many of which contained paintings, sculpture, furniture, and other treasures stolen by the Nazis."	Robert M Edsel	N8795.3.E85E37 2006"The cult of the nation in France : inventing nationalism, 1680-1800 "	"Using eighteenth-century France as a case study, David Bell offers an important new argument about the origins of nationalism. Before the eighteenth century, the very idea of nation-building - a central component of nationalism - did not exist. During this period, leading French intellectual and political figures came to see perfect national unity as a critical priority, and so sought ways to endow all French people with the same language, laws, customes, and values. The period thus gave rise to the first large-scale nationalist program in history.--Jacket."	David Avrom Bell	DC121.3.B45 2001And every day was overcast  	"Using old pictures as a springboard for his storytelling, the author brings to life a suburban neighborhood in South Florida in the nineties, where youth came of age with early sexual encounters, acid trips, and harsh reality checks."	Paul Kwiatkowski	PS3611.W53A53 2013Using Russian : a guide to contemporary usage 	"Using Russian is a guide to Russian usage for those who have already acquired the basics of the language and wish to extend their knowledge. Unlike conventional grammars, it gives special attention to those areas of vocabulary and grammar which cause most difficulty to English speakers, and focuses on questions of style and register which are all too often ignored. Clear, readable and easy to consult, it will prove invaluable to students seeking to improve their fluency and confidence in Russian. This second edition has been substantially revised and expanded to incorporate fresh material and up-to-date information.;Many of the original sections have been rewritten, the passages illustrating register are all fresh and one brand new chapter has been added, providing a clear picture of Russian usage in the 21st century.--Jacket."	Derek Offord	PG2361.O37 2005"Compilation of reported F[superscript 19] NMR chemical shifts, 1951 to mid-1967 "	"Value of this compilation lies in the fact that all chemical-shift data are presented here with respect to a given reference standard, CFC13.--Pref. This compilation consists of 6,022 F19 NMR chemical-shift values of which approximately 20 percent are duplicate measurements of the same compound.--Comments. Sources of data are given. Published 1970."	Claude H Dungan	QC462.F5D8"The vegetarian crusade : the rise of an American reform movement, 1817-1921 "	"Vegetarianism has been practiced in the United States since the country's founding, yet the early years of the movement have been woefully misunderstood and understudied. Through the Civil War, the vegetarian movement focused on social and political reform, but by the late nineteenth century, the movement became a path for personal strength and success in a newly individualistic, consumption-driven economy. This development led to greater expansion and acceptance of vegetarianism in mainstream society. So argues Adam D. Shprintzen in his lively history of early American vegetarianism and social reform. From Bible Christians to Grahamites, the American Vegetarian Society to the Battle Creek Sanitarium, Shprintzen explores the diverse proponents of reform-motivated vegetarianism and explains how each of these groups used diet as a response to changing social and political conditions. By examining the advocates of vegetarianism, including institutions, organizations, activists, and publications, Shprintzen explores how an idea grew into a nationwide community united not only by diet but also by broader goals of social reform.--Jacket."	Adam D Shprintzen	TX392.S446 2013"Victoria Ocampo : writer, feminist, woman of the world "	"Victoria Ocampo's voice in these selections from her writings is personal and refreshingly candid. Her autobiography reveals what it was like to grow up female in Argentina - a society with rigid preconceptions about the role of women. Her essays disclose her development as a woman, a feminist, and a writer who interacted with major literary figures in the Americas and Europe.;As a prolific writer and the founder and publisher of Sur, the Argentine literary review devoted to international exchange, Victoria Ocampo was a key figure in twentieth-century Latin American letters. Until now most of her work has been unavailable in English. Steiner's translations make Ocampo's memoirs, letters, and essays accessible to readers with interests in autobiography, in the literature and culture of Latin America, and in the development of feminist thought.--Jacket."	Victoria Ocampo	PQ7797.O295A613 1999The Valley of Amazement  	"Violet Minturn, a half-Chinese/half-American courtesan who has honed her ability to become any man's fantasy since her start as a 'Virgin Courtesan' at the age of twelve, struggles to find her place in the world, while her mother, Lucia, tries to make sense of the choices she has made and the men who have shaped her. Violet is the privileged daughter of the American madam of the city's most exclusive courtesan house. But when the Ching dynasty is overturned, Violet is separated from her mother in a cruel act of chicanery and forced to become a virgin courtesan. Half-Chinese and half-American, she grapples with her place in the worlds of East and West, until she is able to merge her two halves, empowering her to become a shrewd courtesan who excels in the business of seduction and illusion, though she still struggles to understand who she is. Back in 1897 San Francisco, Violet's mother, Lucia, chooses a disastrous course as a sixteen-year-old, when her infatuation with a Chinese painter compels her to leave her home for Shanghai. Shocked by her lover's adherence to Chinese traditions, she is unable to change him, despite her unending American ingenuity. Fueled by betrayals, both women refuse to submit to fate and societal expectations, persisting in their quests to recover what was taken from them: respect; a secure future; and, most poignantly, love from their parents, lovers, and children. To reclaim their lives, they take separate journeys, to a backwater hamlet in China, the wealthy environs of the Hudson River Valley, and, ultimately, the unknown areas of their hearts, where they discover what remains after their many failings to love and be loved. Spanning more than forty years and two continents, this novel transports readers from the collapse of China's last imperial dynasty to the beginning of the Republic and recaptures the lost world of old Shanghai through the inner workings of courtesan houses and the lives of the foreigners living in the International Settlement, both erased by World War II."	Amy Tan	PS3570.A48V35 2013"Prince of virtuosos : a life of Walter Rummel, American pianist "	"Walter Rummel was educated in Berlin and enjoyed a major career from the 1920s until his death in 1953. Claude Debussy called him the prince of virtuoso, and conductor Willem Mengelberg said he was one of the greatest pianists I know. Rummel was a window on his time, an American who lived through two world wars in Europe and counted among his friends Ezra Pound, G.B. Shaw, and Queen Elisabeth of Belgium.--Jacket."	Charles Timbrell	ML417.R796T55 2005"The press effect : politicians, journalists, and the stories that shape the political world "	"Was the 2000 presidential campaign merely a contest between Pinocchio and Dumbo? And did Dumbo miraculously turn into Abraham Lincoln after the events of September 11? In fact, Kathleen Hall Jamieson and Paul Waldman argue in The Press Effect, these stereotypes, while containing some elements of the truth, represent the failure of the press and the citizenry to engage the most important part of our political process in a critical fashion. Jamieson and Waldman analyze both press coverage and public opinion, using the Annenberg 2000 survey, which interviewed more than 100,000 people, to examine one of the most interesting periods of modern presidential history, from the summer of 2000 through the beginning of 2002. How does the press fail us during presidential elections? Jamieson and Waldman show that when political campaigns side-step or refuse to engage the facts of the opposing side, the press often fails to step into the void with the information citizens require to make sense of the political give-and-take. They look at the stories through which we understand political events-examining a number of fabrications that deceived the public about consequential governmental activities-and explore the ways in which political leaders and reporters select the language through which we talk and think about politics, and the relationship between the rhetoric of campaigns and the reality of governance. They explore the role of the campaigns and the press in casting the 2000 general election as a contest between Pinocchio and Dumbo, and ask whether in 2000 the press applied the same standards of truth-telling to both Bush and Gore. The unprecedented events of election night and the thirty-six days that followed revealed the role that preconceptions play in press interpretation and the importance of press frames in determining the tone of political coverage as well as the impact of network overconfidence in polls. The Press Effect is, ultimately, a wide-ranging critique of the press's role in mediating between politicians and the citizens they are supposed to serve."	Kathleen Hall Jamieson	PN4888.O25J36 2003Chasing water : a guide for moving from scarcity to sustainability 	"Water scarcity is spreading and intensifying in many regions of the world, with dire consequences for local communities, economies, and freshwater ecosystems. Current approaches tend to rely on policies crafted at the state or national level, which on their own have proved insufficient to arrest water scarcity. To be durable and effective, water plans must be informed by the culture, economics, and varied needs of affected community members. International water expert Brian Richter argues that sustainable water sharing in the twenty-first century can only happen through open, democratic dialogue and local collective action.In Chasing Water, Richter tells a cohesive and complete story of water scarcity: where it is happening, what is causing it, and how it can be addressed. Through his engaging and nontechnical style, he strips away the complexities of water management to its bare essentials, providing information and practical examples that will empower community leaders, activists, and students to develop successful and long-lasting water programs. Chasing Water will provide local stakeholders with the tools and knowledge they need to take an active role in the watershed-based planning and implementation that are essential for sustainable water --Provided by publisher."	Brian D Richter	HD1691.R53 2014Global flu and you : a history of influenza 	"We all know the signs: chills, fever, sore throat, muscle aches, coughing. But while the flu may seem harmlessly similar to the common cold, influenza results in between 250,000 and 500,000 deaths every year in epidemics that can spread rapidly around the world. In pandemic years, the disease can kill millions. The recurrence of the Spanish flu virus, the appearance and spread of Bird flu and the unexpected Swine flu pandemic of 2009 have increased interest in and heightened concern about the dangers posed by flu. Drawing on his extensive research into influenza, the author makes clear that such epidemics are not a new phenomenon: humans share a long, complex history with the influenza virus. This comprehensive book traces the animal origins of the disease and outlines the social and cultural changes that have enabled it, over thousands of years, to mutate and evolve to become the endemic threat to human health it is today. In recent generations medical and scientific breakthroughs in studying and protecting against the virus have made rapid progress, providing governments with effective tools to safeguard public health. But modern social, demographic, economic and technological changes may also accelerate and amplify the impact of an influenza pandemic, potentially undermining the promise of these new protective strategies."	George Dehner	RA644.I6D34 2012Fosse  	"We see Bob Fosse's legacy everywhere--from Broadway to Billy Jean to Beyonce;'s moves in the Single Ladies video. Yet in spite of Fosse's deep cultural significance, no biography has ever brought him fully to life, unveiling the man behind the bowler hat and the swaggering sex appeal. Now, acclaimed cultural historian Sam Wasson traces Fosse's numberless reinventions of himself over a career that would spawn The Pajama Game, Cabaret, Pippin, Chicago, All That Jazz, and other iconic works of art and earn him Tonys, Emmys, and an Oscar. Wasson traces not only Fosse's prodigious professional life, but his intense relationships with everyone from Liza Minnelli, Fred Astaire, and Neil Simon to Shirley MacLaine, Jessica Lange, and Dustin Hoffman. Through extensive interviews with collaborators and lovers and unprecedented access to Fosse's archives, Wasson also reveals the deep wounds that propelled his subject's excessive appetites--for spotlights, women, and life itself. In Fosse, Wasson's stylish, effervescent prose proves the ideal vehicle for reanimating Bob Fosse as he truly was--after hours, close up, and in vibrant color--Provided by publisher."	Sam Wasson	GV1785.F67W37 2013"Apes, monkeys, children, and the growth of mind  "	"What can the study of young monkeys and apes tell us about the minds of young humans? In this introduction to the study of primate minds, Juan Carlos Gomez identifies evolutionary resemblances - and differences - between human children and other primates. He argues that primate minds are best understood not as fixed collections of specialized cognitive capacities, but more dynamically, as a range of abilities that can surpass their original adaptations.--Jacket."	Juan Carlos Go_mez	BF723.C5G65 2004"The queen's library : image-making at the court of Anne of Brittany, 1477-1514 "	"What do the physical characteristics of the books acquired by elite women in the late medieval and early modern periods tells us about their owners, and what in particular can their illustrations-especially their illustrations of women-reveal? Centered on Anne, duchess of Brittany and twice queen of France, with reference to her contemporaries and successors, The Queen's Library examines the cultural issues surrounding female modes of empowerment and book production. The book aims to uncover the harmonies and conflicts that surfaced in male-authored, male-illustrated works for and about women. In her interdisciplinary investigation of the cultural and political legacy of Anne of Brittany and her female contemporaries, Cynthia J. Brown argues that the verbal and visual imagery used to represent these women of influence was necessarily complex because of its inherently conflicting portrayal of power and subordination. She contends that it can only be understood fully by drawing on the intersection of pertinent literary, historical, codicological, and art historical sources. In The Queen's Library, Brown examines depictions of women of power in five spheres that tellingly expose this tension: rituals of urban and royal reception; the politics of female personification allegories; the famous-women topos; women in mourning; and women mourned. -- Book jacket."	Cynthia Jane Brown	DC108.3.B73 2011"Governing the global polity : practice, mentality, rationality "	"What does globalization mean for the principle of state sovereignty and for power and functioning of states? Whereas realists assert the continued importance of states, constructivists contend that various political entities and the logic of globalization itself undermine state sovereignty. Drawing on state formation literature and on social theory, particularly the works of Weber and Foucault, Iver B. Neumann and Ole Jacob Sending question the terms of the realist-constructionist debate. Through detailed case studies, they demonstrate that states use nongovernmental organizations and international organizations indirectly to enforce social order and, ultimately, to increase their own power. At the same time, global politics is dominated by a liberal political rationality that states ignore at their peril. While states remain as strong as ever, they operate within a global polity of new hierarchies among states and between states and other actors--Publisher's description."	Iver B Neumann	JC319.N44 2010Ancient philosophical poetics  	"What is poetry? Why do human beings produce and consume it? What effects does it have on them? Can it give them insight into truth, or is it dangerously misleading? This book is a wide-ranging study of the very varied answers which ancient philosophers gave to such questions. An extended discussion of Plato's Republic shows how the two discussions of poetry are integrated with each other and with the dialogue's central themes. Aristotle's Poetics is read in the context of his understanding of poetry as a natural human behaviour and an intrinsically valuable component of a good human life. Two chapters trace the development of the later Platonist tradition from Plutarch to Plotinus, Longinus and Porphyry, exploring its intellectual debts to Epicurean, allegorical and Stoic approaches to poetry. It will be essential reading for classicists as well as ancient philosophers and modern philosophers of art and aesthetics--Provided by publisher."	Malcolm Heath	PN1040.H43 2013Travels with Lizbeth  	"When I began writing this account I was living under a shower curtain in a stand of bamboo in a public park. I did not undertake to write about homelessness, but wrote what I knew, as an artist paints a still life, not because he is especially fond of fruit, but because the subject is readily at hand. A beautifully written account of one man's experience of homelessness, Travels with Lizbeth is a story of physical survival and the triumph of the artistic spirit in the face of enormous adversity. In his unique voice - dry, disciplined, poignant, comic - Eighner celebrates the companionship of his dog, Lizbeth, and recounts their ongoing struggle to survive on the streets of Austin, Texas, and hitchhiking along the highways to Southern California and back."	Lars Eighner	HV4505.E44 1993When I wear my alligator boots : narco-culture in the US-Mexico borderlands 	"When I Wear My Alligator Boots examines how the lives of dispossessed men and women are affected by the rise of narco-trafficking along the U.S.-Mexico border. In particular, the book explores a crucial tension at the heart of the war on drugs: that despite the violence and suffering brought on by drug cartels, narco-trafficking represents one of the few promises of upward mobility for the rural poor in Mexico's north as well as a powerful source of cultural meanings and local prestige. The traces of the drug trade are everywhere in the borderlands: from gang violence in cities and drug addiction in rural villages, to the vibrant folklore popularized in the narco-corridos of Nortena music and the icon of Jesus Malverde, the patron saint of narcos, tucked beneath the shirts of local people. In When I Wear My Alligator Boots, the author explores the everyday reality of the drug trade by living alongside its low-level workers: those living at the edges of the violence generated by the militarization of the war on drugs. Rather than telling the story of the powerful cartel leaders, the book focuses on the women who occasionally make their sandwiches, the low-level businessmen who launder their money, the addicts who consume their products, the mules who carry their money and drugs through borders, and the men and women who serve out the prison sentences when the operations of their bosses go awry.--Provided by publisher.;This book tells the story of the poor, often indigenous workers living in the borderlands who are recruited to work in the lowest echelons of the drug trade, as burreros (mules) and narcotraficantes (traffickers). Shayleh Muehlmann spent over a year researching in a small community in the borderlands. This book brings her stories to a wider public, narrating the experiences of a group of indigenous fishermen in northern Mexico who have become involved in the drug trade, and exploring how the narco-economy has provided a reprieve for men and women attempting to survive while their primary form of livelihood, fishing, has been criminalized by the state because of its alleged negative environmental impact. The book examines the rise of narcotrafficking as one of the economic alternatives sought by local people and how this work is seen by many as a way of resisting forms of domination imposed on them by both the Mexican and U.S. governments. Muehlmann explores a tension at the heart of the war on drugs. For many men and women living in poverty, the narco-economy represents an alternative to the exploitation and alienation they experience trying to work in the borderland's legal economy which has been increasingly dominated by the presence of U.S.-owned maquiladoras (assembly plants) and ravaged by environmental degradation. Despite the lawlessness and violence of the cartels and the ruinous consequences this process has had for some of the most vulnerable people involved, narco-trafficking represents one of the few promises of upward mobility for the indigenous poor in Mexico's north.--Provided by publisher."	Shaylih Muehlmann	HV5825.M77 2014Tambora : the eruption that changed the world 	"When Indonesia's Mount Tambora erupted in 1815, it unleashed the most destructive wave of extreme weather the world has witnessed in thousands of years. The volcano's massive sulfate dust cloud enveloped the Earth, cooling temperatures and disrupting major weather systems for more than three years. Amid devastating storms, drought, and floods, communities worldwide endured famine, disease, and civil unrest on a catastrophic scale. On the eve of the bicentenary of the great eruption, Tambora tells the extraordinary story of the weather chaos it wrought, weaving the latest climate science with the social history of this frightening period to offer a cautionary tale about the potential tragic impacts of drastic climate change in our own century."	Gillen D'Arcy Wood	QC981.8.V65W66 2014Bernstein meets Broadway : collaborative art in a time of war 	"When Leonard Bernstein first arrived in New York City, he was an unknown artist working with other brilliant twentysomethings, notably Jerome Robbins, Betty Comden, and Adolph Green. By the end of the 1940s, these artists were world famous. Their collaborations defied artistic boundaries and subtly pushed a progressive political agenda, altering the landscape of musical theater, ballet, and nightclub comedy. In Bernstein Meets Broadway: Collaborative Art in a Time of War, award-winning author and scholar Carol J. Oja examines the early days of Bernstein's career during World War II, centering around the debut in 1944 of the Broadway musical On the Town and the ballet Fancy Free.--Jacket."	Carol J Oja	ML410.B566O43 2014A history of Chinese civilization  	"When published in 1982, this translation of Professor Jacques Gernet's masterly survey of the history and culture of China was immediately welcomed by critics and readers. This revised and updated edition makes it more useful for students and for the general reader concerned with the broad sweep of China's past. Written with an elegant and flowing narrative, the essential virtue of Jacques Gernet's book is to see the history of Chinese civilization as a whole. Yet within the synthesis of the trends - social, political, religious, scientific, artistic - that make up China's past and present, the author never loses sight of the telling detail that brings history to life. A History of Chinese Civilization is illustrated by a wide range of photographs, many maps, line drawings and tables. A detailed and updated chronological table and full bibliography complement the text and the expanded index now includes Chinese characters."	Jacques Gernet	DS721.G3913 1996Raise the red lantern : three novellas 	"When the internationally acclaimed film Raise the Red Lantern opened in North America, it was praised by critics and nominated for an Academy Award. This extraordinary film was based on an even more sensual and brutal novella by one of China's most provocative New Wave writers--a then-twenty-six-year-old Nanjing resident named Su Tong (now thirty-one). The title novella is a hauntingly beautiful, nightmarish tale of four concubines competing for the sexual attentions of their master in a stifling, 1930s rural clan house. Su Tong explores a world where emotionally stunted men thoughtlessly destroy the women in their lives; where the women seem to rise above their surroundings even as they are crushed by their circumstances; where insanity is both a weapon and a refuge. Called a little feast of venomous subtlety by one critic. Raise the Red Lantern dazzles with its cold beauty, perverse cruelty, violent sexuality, and hypnotic decadence. Nineteen thirty-four Escapes is also concerned with the grotesque psychological realities of the human condition. The narrator examines the history of his family in 1934, a year of disaster. In this novella, a fifteen-year-old boy (the narrator's uncle) collects and sells dog turds to raise money for rubber overshoes. A strange, demonic landlord hoards semen in a white jade crock. And the narrator's grandmother shivers with happiness as she smells the sweet, putrid odor of death at a pool of rotting corpses. The final novella, Opium Family, is a brilliant portrait of self-destruction. Su Tong describes with riveting suspense the complete breakdown of morality as a rich, enervated family is ruined by greed, lust, sloth, savagery, and impotence: Bandits come and go; a boy tries to shoot the genitals off his father; the intoxicating smell of the family's poppy fields permeates every scene and every action. Written with astonishing intensity and elegance, these three novellas break new ground in Chinese fiction and establish Su Tong as one of the world's most explosive young writers. -- Inside jacket flaps."	Tong Su	PL2904.T86A24 1993Creating the Nazi marketplace : commerce and consumption in the Third Reich 	"When the Nazis came to power in 1933, they promised to build a vibrant consumer society. But they faced a dilemma. They recognized that consolidating support for the regime required providing Germans with the products they desired. At the same time, the Nazis worried about the degrading cultural effects of mass consumption and its association with Jewish interests. This book examines how both the state and private companies sought to overcome this predicament. Drawing on a wide range of sources - advertisements, exhibition programs, films, consumer research, and marketing publications - the book traces the ways National Socialists attempted to create their own distinctive world of buying and selling. At the same time, it shows how corporate leaders and everyday Germans navigated what S. Jonathan Wiesen calls the Nazi marketplace. A groundbreaking work that combines cultural, intellectual, and business history, Creating the Nazi Marketplace offers an innovative interpretation of commerce and ideology in the Third Reich--Provided by publisher."	S Jonathan Wiesen	HC290.5.C6W53 2011CRC standard probability and statistics tables and formulae  	"Whether you are a statistician, engineer, or businessperson, you need statistics. You want to be able to easily reference tables, find formulas, and know how to use them so you can extract information from data without getting bogged down by advanced statistical methods. Your goal is to determine the appropriate statistical procedures and interpret the results. Standard Probability and Statistics Tables and Formulae provides the tools you need to do just that.--Jacket."	Daniel Zwillinger	QA273.3.Z95 2000"Body knowledge : performance, intermediality, and American entertainment at the turn of the twentieth century "	"While female performers in the early 20th century were regularly advertised as dancers, mimics, singers, or actresses, they wove together techniques and elements drawn from a wide variety of genres and media. Onstage and onscreen, performers borrowed from musical scores and narratives, referred to contemporary shows, films, and events, and mimicked fellow performers. Behind the scenes, they experimented with cross-promotionand new advertising techniques and technologies to broadcast images and tales of their performances and lives well beyond the walls of American theaters, cabarets, and halls. The performances and conceptions of art that emerged were innovative, compelling, and deeply meaningful.;Body knowledge examines these performances and the performers behind them, highlighting the Ziegfeld Follies and The Passing Show revues, Salome dancers, Isadora Duncan's Wagner dances, Adeline Gene_e and Bessie Clayton's danced histories, Hazel Mackaye and Ruth St. Denis's pageants, and Anna Pavlova's opera and film projects. As a whole, it re-imagines early twentieth-century art and entertainment as both fluid and convergent--Page 4 of cover."	Mary Simonson	ML1711.S56 2013"The last of the Mohicans, a narrative of 1757."	"While guiding a small party of English settlers to the protection of a fort during the French and Indian War, Hawkeye, a frontier scout, and his two Indian friends, the remaining braves of the Mohican tribe, struggle against the evils of Uncas who desires a white maiden for his wife."	James Fenimore Cooper	PZ3.C786L43PS1408Islam's Jesus  	"While it is not well known among Christians, Jesus has an important role in the Quaranic literature, and this book examines this provocative topic, focusing on Jesus's role in the eschatology of Islam, especially on the afterlife."	Zeki Sartoprak	BP134.J37S27 2014Dancing Jewish : Jewish identity in American modern and postmodern dance 	"While Jews are commonly referred to as the People of the book, American Jewish choreographers have consistently turned to dance as a means to articulate personal and collective identities; tangle with stereotypes; advance social and political agendas; and imagine new possibilities for themselves as individuals, artists, and Jews. Dancing Jewish delineates this rich history, demonstrating that Jewish choreographers have not only been vital contributors to American modern and postmodern dance, but that they have also played a critical and unacknowledged role in the history of Jews in the United States. A dancer and choreographer, as well as an historian, author Rebecca Rossen offers evocative analyses of dances while asserting the importance of embodied methodologies to academic research. Featuring over fifty images, a companion website, and key works from 1930 to 2005 by a wide range of artists - including David Dorfman, Dan Froot, David Gordon, Hadassah, Margaret Jenkins, Pauline Koner, Dvora Lapson, Liz Lerman, Victoria Marks, Sophie Maslow, Anna Sokolow, and Benjamin Zemach - Dancing Jewish offers a comprehensive framework for interpreting performance and establishes dance as a crucial site in which American Jews have grappled with cultural belonging, personal and collective histories, and the values that bind and pull them apart. -- from back cover."	Rebecca Rossen	GV1783.R675 2014"Why nations fail : the origins of power, prosperity, and poverty "	"Why are some nations rich and others poor, divided by wealth and poverty, health and sickness, food and famine? Is it culture, the weather, geography, or perhaps ignorance of the right policies? Simply, no. None of these factors is either definitive or destiny. In this book the authors show that it is man-made political and economic institutions that underlie economic success (or lack of it). Based on fifteen years of original research, they marshall historical evidence from the Roman Empire to the Soviet Union, from Korea to Africa, to build a new theory of political economy with great relevance for the big questions of today, including: China has built an authoritarian growth machine. Will it continue to grow at such high speed and overwhelm the West? Is America moving from a virtuous circle, in which efforts by elites to aggrandize power are resisted, to a vicious one that enriches and empowers a small minority? What is the most effective way to help move billions of people from the rut of poverty to prosperity? Is it through more philanthropy from the wealthy nations of the West, or learning lessons on the interplay between inclusive political and economic institutions?"	Daron Acemoglu	HB74.P65A28 2013"Acts : theater, philosophy, and the performing self "	"Why do people act? Why are other people drawn to watch them? How is acting as a performing art related to role-playing outside the theater? As the first philosophical study devoted to acting, Acts sheds light on some of the more evasive aspects of the acting experience - such as the import of the actor's voice, the ethical unease sometimes felt while embodying particular sequences, and the meaning of inspriration. Tzachi Zamir explores acting's relationship to everyday role-playing through a surprising range of examples of lived acting, including pornography, masochism, and eating disorders. By unearthing the deeper mobilizing structures that underlie dissimilar forms of staged and non-staged role-playing, Acts offers a multilayered meditation on the percolation from acting to life. -- from back cover."	Tzachi Zamir	PN2061.Z36 2014The stranger from paradise : a biography of William Blake 	"William Blake's wife once said of him: I have very little of Mr. Blake's company; he is always in Paradise. This illustrated biography of the great English artist, poet and mystic brings us very much into Blake's company, presenting, often in the words of his contemporaries, everything that is known of his life and times.--Jacket."	G E Bentley	PR4146.B377 2001WK : William Kentridge 	"William Kentridge is South Africa's best-known contemporary artist, featured in major exhibitions across the world from the Museum of Modern Art in New York to the Jeu de Paume in Paris and The National Museum of Modern Art in Tokyo. This title provides an overview of his career."	Kate McCrickard	N7396.K45M33 2012Windows and doors : a poet reads literary theory 	"Windows and Doors is a poetry handbook that places poststructuralist and postmodern ways of thinking alongside formalist modes, making explicit points of overlap and tension that are usually tacit. Each of Natasha Saje_'s nine essays addresses a topic of central concern to readers and writers of poetry while also making an argument about poetic language and ideology. Foundational topics--diction, syntax, rhythm, surprise, figurative language, narrative, genre, book design, and performance--are explained through the lenses of theory, history, and philosophy and illuminated through vibrant examples from the works of numerous contemporary American poets.--Publisher's description."	Natasha Saje_	PN1031.S25 2014Honored guest : stories 	"With her singular brand of dark humor, Joy Williams explores the various ways--comic, tragic, and unnerving--we seek to accommodate diminishment and loss. A massacre breaks her rich client's wrist bone, a friend visits at the hospital long after she is welcome, and a woman surrenders her husband to a creepily adoring student."	Joy Williams	PS3573.I4496H66 2004DNA : a graphic guide to the molecule that shook the world 	"With humor, depth, and philosophical and historical insight, this book features a graphic portrayal of a complicated science. This volume covers DNA's many marvels, from its original discovery in 1869 to early twentieth-century debates on the mechanisms of inheritance and the deeper nature of life's evolution and variety. The book elucidates DNA's relationship to health and the cause and cure of disease. It also covers the creation of new life forms, nanomachines, and perspectives on crime detection, and considers the philosophical sources of classical Darwinian theory and recent, radical changes in the understanding of evolution itself. Already these developments have profoundly affected our notions about living things. Illustrations recount the contributions of Gregor Mendel, Frederick Griffith, James Watson, and Francis Crick, among other biologists, scientists, and researchers, and depict the modern controversies surrounding the Human Genome Project and cloning."	Israel Rosenfield	QP624.R67 2011In the name of God and country : reconsidering terrorism in American history 	"With insight and originality, Michael Fellman argues that terrorism, in various forms, has been a constant and driving force in American history. In part, this is due to the nature of American republicanism and Protestant Christianity, which he believes contain a core of moral absolutism and self-righteousness that perpetrators of terrorism use to justify their actions. Fellman also argues that there is an intrinsic relationship between terrorist acts by non-state groups and responses on the part of the state; unlike many observers, he believes that both the action and the reaction constitute terrorism. Fellman's compelling narrative focuses on five key episodes: John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry; terrorism during the American Civil War, especially race warfare and guerrilla warfare; the organized White Line paramilitary destruction of Reconstruction in Mississippi; the Haymarket Affair and its aftermath; and the Philippine-American war of 1899-1902. In an epilogue, he applies this history to illuminate the Bush-Cheney administration's use of terrorism in the so-called war on terror. In the Name of God and Country demonstrates the centrality of terrorism in shaping America even to this day--Jacket."	Michael Fellman	HV6432.F446 2010The creation of the modern world : the untold story of the British Enlightenment 	"With its representative government, religious tolerance, precocious industrialization, and pioneering individualism, eighteenth-century Britain was at the cutting edge of political, social, and intellectual innovation. Porter examines the influence of such heroic figures as Bacon, Newton, and Locke in shaping the British Enlightenment, as well as the impact of other English essayists and novelists in popularizing modern thought. He persuasively demonstrates how their writings launched the wild phenomenon of Anglomania that swept the Continent and cast the Enlightenment well beyond Europe's shores.--Jacket."	Roy Porter	DA485P68 2000bMarvelous modular origami  	"With one folding pattern you can create several models! That is the fun of modular origami. Combine various identical units to build three-dimensional geometric shapes such as octahedrons and dodecahedrons. Variations allow you to experiment with the designs of the faces, including stripes, pinwheels, and flower blossoms. The skill level of the origami in this book is intermediate, though beginners are encouraged to try, and origami basics are included. For those who want to go beyond the basics, this book also includes an introduction to the mathematics behind origami.--book jacket."	Meenakshi Mukerji	TT870.M82 2007Wolves in the land of salmon  	"Wolves. We love them, idolize them, and are fascinated by them. We also hate them, fear them, and blame them. The wolf's relationship with humans is complex and can be emotionally wrought, depending on whether one is a hunter, rancher, or animal lover. Wolves in the Land of Salmon is nature writing at its best. Vivid imagery and a sense of wonder bring the text alive and help the reader understand exactly what it means to be a wolf. David Moskowitz's training as a wildlife tracker gives him insider knowledge he generously shares with the hope that with greater understanding comes new perspective. The daring photography provides the first significant portrait of these charismatic animals west of the Cascades and the British Columbia Coast Range. His accounts of young wolves at play, and the stories that shed light on the psychological power wolves have across cultures and generations, make this a true wilderness adventure."	David Moskowitz	QL737.C22M676 2013Seventeenth-century art & architecture  	"Written in a fluent and lively style by one of the most well-respected art historians in her field, Harris's Seventeenth-Century Art and Architecture is an eminently readable introduction for students and art-lovers alike. The most up-to-date and authoritative account of all the major players of the period, this book covers the latest developments in research and is lavishly illustrated with more than 400 images, over 200 in color. One hundred additional color pictures in this second edition support substantial new material. Chapter 3 encompasses more on Spanish religious sculpture, and architectural marvels such as El Escorial and the monastery of La Encarnacion in Madrid. The architects Francois Mansart and Louis Le Vau in the French chapter are given mere prominence, as is sculpture, with extended discussion of the works of Coysevox, Girardon, and Warin. Chapter 5 on the Dutch Republic includes new text on the painters van Ostade and van Ruisdael, while the final chapter on English painters has been expanded to include William Dobson and the miniaturist Samuel Cooper.--Jacket."	Ann Sutherland Harris	N6756.H33 2008NMR spectroscopy in inorganic chemistry  	"Written with the needs of students in mind, this series of short texts provides accessible accounts of essential topics in chemistry and chemical engineering."	Jonathan A Iggo	QD96.N8I44 1999Screening strangers : migration and diaspora in contemporary European cinema 	"Yosefa Loshitzky challenges the utopian notion of a post-national New Europe by focusing on the waves of migrants and refugees that some view as a potential threat to European identity, a concern heightened by the rhetoric of the war on terror, the London Underground bombings, and the riots in Paris's banlieues. Opening a cinematic window onto this struggle, Loshitzky determines patterns in the representation and negotiation of European identity in several European films from the late 20th and early 21st centuries, including Bernardo Bertolucci's Besieged, Stephen Frears's Dirty Pretty Things, Mathieu Kassovitz's La Haine, and Michael Winterbottom's In This World, Code 46, and The Road to Guantanamo.--Back cover."	Yosefa Loshitzky	PN1993.5.E8L58 2010Rodin's debutante  	"Young Lee Goodell's life decisions--to become a sculptor, to sojourn in the mean streets of the South Side, to marry into the haute-intellectual culture of Hyde Park--play out against the crude glamour of midcentury Chicago and the meaning of his four years at Ogden Hall School."	Ward S Just	PS3560.U75R63 2011"My just desire : the life of Bess Ralegh, wife to Sir Walter "	"Young, beautiful, and connected by blood to the most powerful families in England, Bess Throckmorton had as much influence over Queen Elizabeth I as any woman in the realm--but she risked everything to marry the most charismatic man of the day. The secret marriage between Bess and the Queen's beloved Sir Walter Ralegh cost both of them their fortunes, their freedom, and very nearly their lives. Yet it was Bess, resilient, passionate, and politically shrewd, who would live to restore their name and reclaim her political influence. In this biography, Bess Ralegh finally emerges from her husband's shadow to stand as a complex, commanding figure in her own right.--Publisher description."	Anna R Beer	DA86.22.R197B44 2003Under his very windows : the Vatican and the Holocaust in Italy 	Zuccotti examines the actions of Pope Pius XII and his assistants at the Vatican to help Italian Jews escape the Holocaust.	Susan Zuccotti	DS135.I8Z87 2000